


Shit man fuck

Drivers license and registration please

Hey what's up sir umm, look umm

Sir, could you please step out the car

Oh not a problem officer it's all good I'm just know what I'm saying comming from dropping my little boy off at my baby momma house here go my license right here


Trunk full of Yoda heated situation flashlight in my eyes he want my registration (what)
should I stay should I run got hard got soft got pills got guns
(4real) my drivers license is revoked just got done burning so I know he smell the smoke (damn) but never let 'em see you see sweat 'cause if he search your
trunk he might find the tec. Or a bag full of O's wrapped in duck tape nigga between some dirty ass clothes. But I talk to him the right way he told me
slow it down and have a nice day.


You can do your thang shawty its okay to floss but its still one rule player don't get caught. cause everything you gain dog and everything you lost but its
still one rule pimping don't get caught. fuck every hoe you hit dog and every hoe you toss cause its still one rule player don't get caught. you can ride clean
shorty you ain't gotta walk but its still one rule player don't get caught


Some niggas rob (what) some niggas slang (4real) some niggas stack (naw) some niggas bang (chea) but I congratulate not player hate you in the streets
pimping make your move get your cake fuck what you heard through the grapevine get outta line nigga I'm gonna straighten mine. and I don't believe in wastin time well catch them hoes later.
stay on your grind (that's right) gotta a low tolerance for ignorance (ignorance) you're thinking pleasure I'm thinking business.
the streets didn't raise no fool when you live by the code nigga it's only one rule




Got the phone call (call) had a funny feeling (feeling) told him everything was cool and I was chilling (chilling) we use to chill out and smoke blunts and
I ain't seen him in a while maybe a couple months.
said he wanna holla he seemed anxious.
first thing on my mind go and get the stainless.
make his folks pay a ransom about him.
on that bullshit make a good example out him.
this nigga hot he on fire (fire)
I hope his ass ain't wearing no wire
naw dog he bullshitting
said his partner set him up the nigga snitching


