


Look..
I need more than just romantic feelings
When shit is frantic need a bitch that's just as scandalous when fucking this killer
To be a pealer and have a bachelor in cold feelings
Mind for numbers hate to wonder with this drug dealin'
Thug feelings make me a villain to them PH imbalanced civilians
Don't let them hurt feelings turn this lesson to a killing
Game spilling my prophecy fore filling 
To be involved with a killing must be immune to squealing
Listen lady what does it take to get you out of crazy?
Pass you a loaded 38 and bust on fools who play me
This is how I plan a night 
First we ride on them bustas then we dine eating dinner by candle light
Be alert and put in work with a thug passion
I'm a king and you the queen up in thugz mansion
Me.. Imma neva be a busta I ride for keeps
I know you shy but please reply 
Would you ride for me.


Tell me baby Would you ride 4 me?
Bust on them mothafuckas when they lie 2 me?
Now don't you ever tell a lie just confide in me
Would you die 4 me? Tell me baby would you ride 4 me?
Tell me baby would you ride 4 me?
Would you bank on them niggaz (Bustas) when they lie 2 me?
Don't ever tell a lie just confide in me
Would you die for me? Tell me baby would you ride 4 me?


C'mon babe wont you ride for me 
Do the time for me just cock back the 9 and see
How many niggas put a gun in hand 
Tell you to take what you can while you running with your man
On my order you shoot 
Straight counting the loot
You disguised in my boots dip and slide in the coupe..
Unorthodox tripping catch him on missions
Styles twisted daily weak emcees trail me show me how telling me
Smoke me instead of jailing me 
You know it ain't no Fatal dog and "J" without felony at the telly they yelling me
Play me I give you one try 
And I'll let you live long enough to let you see your son die
This evilness and wizardry Thug Life specifically it can be 
Found as deadly as them bullets that keep missing me
So what I'm supposed to do 
Just to open up your eyes and see.. you got it good 
All you have to do is ride for me


So Tell me baby Would you ride 4 me?
Would you bomb on niggas when they lie 2 me?
Now don't you ever tell a lie just confide in me
Would you die 4 me? Tell me baby would you ride 4 me?
Tell me baby would you ride 4 me? Would you bomb on niggas when they lie 2 me?
Now don't ever tell a lie just confide in me
Would you die for me? Tell me baby would you ride 4 me?


It was a nice sunny day I was dipping through the hood
Seen all my homies and it was all to the good 
I'm Kurupt.. the half-inch villian cold chilling
From the floor to the ceiling and illegal living civillians
So much cash is in the bundles 
Been there and done done it everything you've done seen and ever wanted 
I'm Kurupt..
Piece me up a piece of the pie many try but many die in attempts to ride
Who's the man with ten thousand plans got the grants and my my squad
We world wide homicidal klan 
So many strech their arms out to touch my loot but fuck em dog
Beware of the owner cuz the owner will shoot
Meet the dog in the worst way and a nigga like me's tight on my worst day 
I been rockin mics since the first day my eyes opened wide
And finally re-a-lized tell me baby would you ride for me.


