

I’ve been drinking, I’ve been thinking
Ya, if I opened my heart and made you a live potion of it's content would you drink it 
Or would you thank me?
Yeah, to be the one that you...
Be the only one that you want. 
I done spent time in your zone. 
And I do whatever they don’t.
It’s been a long time since we  deep in thought 
I drown in my cup. I don’t baby sit when I drink so I got me a lot more than a buzz. 
I get high off of your presence and drunk all on your love. 

Cigars on ice, cigars on ice. Feeling like an animal with these cameras all in my grill. 
Flashing lights, flashing lights. You got me faded faded faded. Baby I want you. Na na.
Can't keep your eyes off my fatty daddy I want you. 
Na na. Drunk in love. I want you. 
We woke up in the kitchen saying how the hell did this ish happen oh baby. 
Drunk in love. We be all night.
Last thing I remember is our beautiful bodies grinding up in the club. 
Drunk in love. We be all night love. We be all night love. We be all night. 
And everything alright, no complaints from my body so fluorescent under these lights. 
Boy I’m drinking park it in my lot 711. I’m rubbing 
If you scared call that reverend. I’ve been drinking.  
Get my brain right. Armand de brignac, gangster wife
Louie sheets, he sweat it out like wash rags he wear it out. 
Boy I’m drinking. I'm singing on the mic with my boy toys.
And then I fill the tub up halfway and then ride it with my skateboard, surfboard...
Graining on that wood Graining graining on that wood.
I'm swerving on this. Swerving swerving on his big body been working all this. 
Surf surfing all of this good good. We woke up 

Goodness gracious.  
Holy smokes you're amazing.
I'm just an open letter.
You scribbling on my pages.
I got bird's eye from my third eye.
I've been watching you dance for ages. 
Been washing wishing waiting, now I’m growing impatient. 
Drip from my waist till my hips slow down. 
Got me feeling like a lipso now. 
Hands in the air put your hands in my hair. 
When you and I together further things go down. 
I don’t need a king I don't need no crown. 
Whole lot of money so the green go plow. 
Hold up I’m freaking out. 
That suggest that I need you now. 
Would've sent this as a text but I guess now my secrets out.  
Strong without a drink in mouth. 
Mine don’t you I’m freaking out. 
I do say that  hold up let me wash my freaking mouth. 
I be honest I turn up, so I can turn my ego down. 
I can turn my scene around.  
Flashing lights and people drown.
All the voices in my head telling me to seek you out. 
I hope you did it now and I hope you hearing this. 
Baby we drunk in love. Right now we feeling it. 

We be all night love...
