

"I made up my mind
Don't need to think it over
If I'm wrong I am right
Don't need to look no further
This ain't lust, I know
This is love...
Should I give up?
Or, should I just keep chasing pavements,
Even if it leads no where?
Oh, would it be a waste?
Even if I knew my place?
Should I leave it there?
Should I give up?
Or should I just keep on chasing pavements?"


Fall asleep until the dream comes
Motherfuck reality
Happiness - I think I need some
So I overdose on fantasy
My life's euqation ain't complicated
Just a combination of hate is denominated as stated
No rest plus the cess and abuse to prescription meds
Times stressed equals out to be the motherfucking mess that is... Kells
The boy with no home
That's why I live in your speakers through this song
That's why they turn it up so loud the bass hits and
You can feel me when I'm gone
And when I die, spread my message like the Qu'ran
Motherfuckas gettin paid, I'm just tryna get saved
7 years of living crooked: I'm just tryna get straight
All the crack in my city even though these streets paved
Makes me wonder if I should let all my life dreams wait or should I...




Bored out of my mind: I need a fuckin job
But they ain't hiring shit, that's why I fuckin rob
Had to hustle cause unless you got them test scores
Colleges only coming around here looking for Brett Favre
For the next star, or if you 6'4''
And if you can pitch, but other than that shit you just pitch raw
That's what I'm pissed for
Cause if you ain't worth a couple of dollars
These scholars is looking at you like "what do we need him for?"
I'm saying: just because I ain't Kareem
You tellin me I should give up on my dream?
You telling me I ain't shit cause I ain't working for degrees? Or on a team?
This country's flag is a joke
That shit should be painted green
Tell me when is currency valued over a human being?
When we stand for nothing, we falling for anything
But EST for life and that's exactly what I'll scream
Misunderstood until they answer one thing - What's that? Kells!



"I can barely talk by the way.
My mouth is fucking closed.
I just had surgery.
You know Motha fucka just a record deal.
We got dental insurance now biotch!"
