


I'm humble because I know what it feels like to be at the bottom and have nobody, no friends, no nothing, nobody believing in me, now look at me.

I was down on the ground with nobody,
Some in my town said my sound was a hobby
Now that I'm crowned they're astounded and howling,
They try and come around that now I'm somebody.

Middle finger in the air with a hope and a prayer
I started this
Never had no money then my daughter hit,
That was a 'get up and hustle' nigga starter kit
Hard to spit, bars to get at stars when it's not marketed you're far from it, dark and your partner quit.
Really barking, you wishing for the spark to get hearts and they're hard to beat.
But they doubted me, 'cause I'm nothing like I never knew how to be stylistic,
It's fawl and it's proud to be while in this,
Thinking down, it's time to get the crowd shouting
Now people found, BMX rocked people's salary.
Way back when I was feeling defeated,
When inspiration, motivation was needed.
At the pace to be great I've exceeded,
All of your expectations you fakers can eat it.

This my world, this my game,
All the wicked shit is coming out of my brain.
This my girl, music is my dame
If you can get it, I'm a get it PI mayne
When I shared the past scared that I would get the people liking me, and wouldn't dare to buy your shit.
Try to told you before that my flow's sick,
Really sold on the road with my whole clique.
Everybody listening to witness, Tech's whirlwind.
In a club with MGK, thick sex twirlin.
Fall to the top, never did stop, now we got it's "fuck the world" then,
The haters in the past on my ass wanna come around like my ex-girlfriends.

For the block I GO!
For that spot I GO!
To the top I GO!
Screaming fuck the world, fuck the world,
Screaming motherfuck the world, fuck the world, fuck the world,
Screaming motherfuck the world.
And that's real, how I feel 24-7 in a city when a weak man die,
Doing whatever we got to do to survive,
Hand to the sky, middle finger up high
Screaming fuck the world,
Screaming motherfuck the world, fuck the world, fuck the world,
Screaming motherfuck the world


I remember thinking I would rather die
Than go through what I was going through and I was struggling to survive
Full of ambition and I'm ready to ride,
No tragedy over triumph for I am a lion, I gotta try.
Full of drama, I was feeling like a failure.
Fiending for the industry, again, I was living in disgust.
Doing odd jobs, everybody seeking me,
Traveling to work, back on forth from the bus.
Yeah, I was fucked up, but I got it together for y'all
Spit venemous lyrics, 'cause I was ready to ball
Started po pimping of everybody and certain motherfuckers that wanna get in my circle, I tell 'em no.
'Cause I gotta get money up in my anatomy, naturally,
And I gotta be gradually happy to holler.
And somebody wanna speak and they might be on that bullshit,
So sometimes I just fuck 'em, I don't even bother.

And who knows what's next for three haters chasing dreams,
Hailing from the midwest as we're spread our wings.
All of us striving to over the summit,
Creatin us a vision that will be stunning
We'll become the urban city and do a show,
You would get to see everybody for miles come running
Yelling for Machine Gun Kelly,
And Tech N9ne and Twista get it in
Better bring somethin smelly
We can take it to another level wherever you wanna go,
Everybody put up your hands, I'm ready.
Come on, get wild let loose,
Celebrate the fact that you made it and let me see you get buck.
You done been through some shit,
But you did it 'cause you had the heart to put the middle finger up.

For the block I GO!
For that spot I GO!
To the top I GO!
Screaming fuck the world, fuck the world,
Screaming motherfuck the world, fuck the world, fuck the world,
Screaming motherfuck the world.
And that's real, how I feel 24-7 in a city when a weak man die,
Doing whatever we got to do to survive,
Hand to the sky, middle finger up high
Screaming fuck the world,
Screaming motherfuck the world, fuck the world, fuck the world,
Screaming motherfuck the world


From the back streets to the pack sheets,
On a block, running from cops like athletes
Whoever would've imagined Lace Up could've got me to the finish like track meets.
And when everybody's hot, I'm past heat,
And if I don't need the fuel, don't gas me.
It's been a long time coming since 100 Words and Runnin, mother fucker, come catch me.
And when these other rappers pen and pad it I was thirteen, with a semi-automatic
Anything we ever wanted, then you know that we gotta have it,
Don't nobody ever snitch, get pinched you forget like magic.
Kids carry tools like go-go-gadget,
Leaving high school through an open casket
Now another baby in the stomach of a baby, mother's never gonna know his daddy. tragic.
Why the government got to lie to get money?
What the federal reserve gotta take from me,
What should I be fighting for another country?
Have you seen my city? Motherfucker, we're hungry.
Representing for the middle of the map even though me and mine are coming from the bottom
Why do all greats fall when it isn't autumn?
Where would Pac be at if nobody woulda shot him?

Do you really think that Notorious B would believe these guys
Or the Internet thugs that the media finds?
You wanna talk about grind, look in the encyclopedia,
What name is in there, bet you see mine.
Mother fucker this Kells,
Skinny boy six foot three,
Heart bigger than a SUV,
Lord knows I've been through hell and back, put in jail and crack,
But still I came out TOP.
So this is for the kid who never had a father figure to depend on
Spending every school day being sent home
Feeling like he doesn't know anybody because the only thing he gives a head to him was some headphones
So he picked a song and he turned 'em on, every mornin just to get him through the day.
Looking for escape and a kick and the bass, that's the story of MGK,
Lace up.

For the block I GO!
For that spot I GO!
To the top I GO!
Screaming fuck the world, fuck the world,
Screaming motherfuck the world, fuck the world, fuck the world,
Screaming motherfuck the world.
And that's real, how I feel 24-7 in a city when a weak man die,
Doing whatever we got to do to survive,
Hand to the sky, middle finger up high
Screaming fuck the world,
Screaming motherfuck the world, fuck the world, fuck the world,
Screaming motherfuck the world
