


I don't gang bang, hoe, I just gang bang these hoes
And I keep like eight jays rolled, then I face them after my shows
And I got your main thing bro, on my dangalang when she swang and hang like an orangutan
But you don't really want a part of me, 'cause everyone of my boys bang a rang.
Cocaine, cocaine, my skin white like cocaine, marked up like them ol' trains
And I keep it hood, but a slow mayne
Propane, propane, spark that shit like propane, I'm on the east side of my domain
Bitch I kick more shit than Liu Kang.


Now hold up, shut up, who remembers my come up?
Who remembers my broke ass when I had no food for my stomach
Who remembers my haters when I was keeping it G? (I Do)
'Cause I don't remember them bitches but them hoes remember me.


Holla back two phones, I don't call shit, wild boy, 'cause I start shit
Rager 'cause I moshpit and this A stands for anarchist
My heart is in Antarctic, burn one and get car sick
Floating like a carpet, bitch, I'm higher than a starship
Tatted up so I can't work, you would think I got paid first
Tear that pussy out the frame, you would think that bitch gave birth
All these sins you would think that I hate church
And they said, "Thou shalt not steal", but fuck that, I'll take her.


Now hold up, shut up, who remembers my come up?
Who remembers my broke ass when I had no food for my stomach
Who remembers my haters when I was keeping it G? (I Do)
'Cause if they don't remember them bitches but them hoes remember me.

Hold on, shut up, hold on, shut up, hold on, shut up.

Who remembers my haters when I was keeping it G?
'Cause I don't remember them bitches but them hoes remember me.


I don't remember these hoes, I don't remember these niggas
Fuck niggas, bitches too, all I see is these figures
I got Versace on, Versace lights, I ain't seeing these niggas
Chances here, chances are three on three with these niggas.
Look, all bark no bite, all rap no white
Two of her friends to get with my friends so we can be friends well alright
Machine gun, we got one, machine gun I got one
See me, I'm a real nigga, probably mad at me cause he not one
That's straight chopper music, no bite, eighteen dwarf niggas, Snow White
You can bet a nigga if I said a nigga, ten out of ten, it's no white
Tell me what's not to love, why hate? What a real handsome nigga, now wait
Treat my 'rari like I'm in a roller derby, put the shoes on and I skate
Say you don't like me, nigga, you know me, nigga
See a sound of me, that's hate
Say you wanna rap about it, wanna talk about it, and ain't live the shit, that's fake
Say it's coming back and this locking up sound like to me, that's flake
Say you don't ride with me, you don't fuck with me,
Stay the fuck from around me, that's great
Hold up


