

Rain, in the rain. Rain, in the rain.
Rain, in the rain. Rain, rain.
Every day I wake up to the same shit
In the same house with the same bricks,
In the same clothes with the same kicks
I might as well be in jail caged in.
Starin' at the wall waitin for a change, but
Dad telling me I gotta get a job.
Couldn't pay the bill so the light turned off.
Them Cleveland boys got it hard.
Oh my God, we living like this too long
Just to lose it all in a week.
My people too strong.
Get it? Me and my boys be blown,
Puffing on weed like it's the lawn.
Me and my boys tired of being here.
That is why we're gone.
They said we wouldn't amount to nothing, huh.
Y'all thought we was bluffing, huh?
Fought every temptation shit, I guess I'm David Ruffin huh?
Nowadays, we don't gotta do that dirt, tell my boys they good.
And nowadays my little girl won't have to work, moved her out the hood.
Look man, I been through it all, and I'm a be damned if I got this far,
And I let them strip me of this message let these haters take my heart.
This for the ones that had it hard, the ones like me, the underdogs.
This for the ones that waited for them clouds to fall, please God let it (Rain)
You can't see my tears in the, in the rain.
You can't see my tears in the, in the rain.
Underneath it all, we're just the same, same, same.
You can't see my tears in the, in the rain.
All around the world it's just the same, same, same.
You can't see my tears in the, in the rain.
So I let it rain.
And they mad that I made it out the city.
But if you look I'm still out in the city.
Before anything I had cloud in the city.
Two other states and never bounced in the city.
Shout out to everybody that's proud in the city.
Everybody cheering in the crowd from the city.
Everyone that never had doubts in the city.
Cause they know I represent what we about in the city.
And I'm still laced up, tell the world ain't nothing changed.
Till it's hundred dollar bills in my pocket, then nothings changed.
If my team ain't with me, then I don't wanna thing.
Tell them I'll go broke before I run out on my gang.
EST over everything.
100 thousand plus, cult fan base yeah that is us, my songs tattooed on their body.
Troubled youth We bad as fuck.
And what?
Nobody gave a shit for broken mirrors.
So I care less about appearance.
Just as long as they can hear us.
We're fearless, we're stupid, we're dealers, we're losers.
We're killers, we're orphans, we're addicts, we're stealers.
We're shooters so kill us.
We are what they say we are until conformity hits us.
Or those clouds come down and take them all with us, please God let it (Rain)
You can't see my tears in the, in the rain.
You can't see my tears in the, in the rain.
Underneath it all, we're just the same, same, same.
You can't see my tears in the, in the rain.
All around the world it's just the same, same, same.
You can't see my tears, in the rain.
So I let it rain.
Rays in the rain. Rays in the rain.
Underneath it all we just the same, same, same.
You can't see my tears in the, in the rain.
All around the world it's just the same, same, same.
You can't see my tears in the (Rain).
