

(We’re gonna skate to one song, one song only)
(Ball so hard ma’fuckas wanna fine me)


Hey!
Ay, man, I’unno what done happened, uh
I guess y’all musta caught amnesia in my absence, I ain’t been gone that long, have I?
Well, just for your reminder, how ’bout the crown meet The Throne right here?
Let’s get it

Call me T.I. or CPR, I’m killin’ shit, even in prison, I’m still the shit
Betta reconi’, King in the buildin’, bitch, act like you know, are you serious?
I (ball so hard), my ankle hurt, don’t buy a car if I ain’t the fir’
In the country wit’ it, one, two, three bitches to watch me while I painted her
I (ball so hard), they hate to see me, on the stage, Jay-Z, Kanye wit’ me
You know I (ball so hard), Tip is scary, merci beaucoup in Par-ee
Parlez-vous francais, I say, menage a trois today, I say
I (ball so hard), how I depart? Maybach chauffeured, I ain’t got to par’
So raw, so official, dawg, them lames can’t do nothin’ wit’ you, dawg
She all on me, better get your broad, don’t like that, blow yo’ whistle, dawg
I (ball so hard), no referee’ll throw no flag, ain’t no techs for me
I keep them suckas upset wit’ me, them racks back on deck, you be’ belee’ that I…

Ball so hard ma’fuckas wanna fine me
That shit cray (What, ‘Ye?)
That shit cray (Haaaa)
That shit cray

Ball so hard ma’fuckas wanna fine me
That shit cray (Huh, what, ‘Ye?)
That shit cray (Yeah, yeah)
That shit cray (Go, ay!)


Ball so hard ma’fuckas wanna fine me, but first niggas gotta find me
What’s fitty grand to a ma’fucka like me, can you please remind me?
Ball so hard, this shit crazy, y’all don’t know that don’t shit phase me
The Nets could go 0-for-82, when I look at you, like, this shit gravy
Ball so hard, this shit weird, we ain’t even pose’ beat here
Ball so hard, but since we here, it’s only right that we be fair
Psycho, I’m liable to go Michael, take ya pick, Jackson, Tyson, Jordan, Game Six
Ball so hard, got a broke clock, Rolies that don’t tick-tock
Audemars that’s losin’ time, hidden behind all these big rocks
Ball so hard, I’m shocked, too, I’m supposed to be locked up, too
You escape what I escaped, you’d be in Paris gettin’ fucked up too
Ball so hard, let’s get faded, Le Meurice for like six days
Gold bottles, scold models, spillin’ Ace on my sick Js
Balled so hard, bitch, behave, just might let you meet ‘Ye
Chi-town’s D. Rose, so I’m movin’ the Nets to BK

Ball so hard ma’fuckas wanna fine me
That shit cray
That shit cray
That shit cray

Ball so hard ma’fuckas wanna fine me
That shit cray
That shit cray
That shit cray


She said, “‘Ye, can we get married at the mall?”
I said, “Look, you need to crawl ‘fore you ball
Come and meet me in the bathroom stall
And show me why you deserve to have it all”
(Ball so hard) That shit cray (That shit cray) Ain’t it, Jay?
(Ball so hard) What she order? (What she order?) Fish filet
(Ball so hard) “Yo’ whip so cold!” (Whip so cold!) This old thing?
Act you’ll ever be around motherfuckers like this again
Bougie girl, grab my hand, fuck that bitch, she don’t wanna dance
‘Scuse my French, but I’m in France (Haha) I’m just sayin’
Prince William’s ain’t do it right, if you ask me
‘Cause I was him I woulda (Married Kate and Ashley)
What’s Gucci, my nigga? What’s Louis, my killa?
What’s drugs, my dealer? What’s that jacket, Margiela?
Doctors say I’m the illest, ’cause I’m sufferin’ from realness
Got my niggas in Paris, and they goin’ gorillas (Hunh?)

(I don’t even know what that means!)
(No one knows what it means)
(But it’s provocative)
(No, it’s not)
(Gets the people goin’)

Ball so hard ma’fuckas wanna fine me
Ball so hard ma’fuckas wanna fine me

You are now watchin’ the throne, don’t let me get in my zone
Don’t let me get in my zone, don’t let me get in my zone
These other niggas is lyin’, actin’ like the summer ain’t mine
(I got that hot bitch in my home) You know how many hot bitches I own?
Don’t let me get in my zone, don’t let me get in my zone
Don’t let me get in my zone, don’t let me get in my zone
The stars is in the buildin’, they hands is to the ceilin’
I know I’m ’bout to kill it, “How you know?” I got that feelin’
You are now watchin’ the throne, don’t let me enter my zone
Don’t let me enter my zone, I’m definitely in my zone
(Zone, zone, zone, zone…)
