




{DAMN!} I'm number one!
Yeah!


They say I ain't lyrical! They say I ain't a miracle (yeah!)
I say some hard shit so they say I ain't spiritual! (uh-huh!)
They act like they know God better than me
I know God Allah he used to pump crack up the street. (come on!)
Allah O Akbar clap him run through your backyard
Let the Mack off! - Tear half off your back off. (whoooooooohhhooooooooooooooo!) 


Ayo pull that back, man!
Ayo play that again man, youkno'msayin'?


I'm number one!  {"THISIS50.COM"!}
Yeah!


They say I ain't lyrical! They say I ain't a miracle (yeah!)
I say some hard shit so they say I ain't spiritual! (uh-huh!)
They act like they know God better than me
I know God Allah he used to pump crack up the street. (come on!)
Allah O Akbar clap him run through your backyard
Let the Mack off! - Tear half off your back off. (whoooooooohhhooooooooooooooo!) 
This is my block, my spot, I am here
I'm a SouthSide nigga 'till the bone, get that clear. 
Now I got a better hustle so I'm gettin' better bread
Buy my bitches better shit so they gimme better head. (say: "Whaaaat"!)
You thinkin' about gettin' down  with me yeah you better kid
Where the fuck you gon' get a job you a predicate...
... Felon! - It's back to crack sellin'
Nigga get caught tellin' the show crack the melon! (AAAAAHHH-OOOOOOOHHH!) 
I told you I blow now you see it to believe it
My head gassed up man I'm so conceded.
Nigga you ain't never gonna see me in the hood. (uh-huh!)
Mother-fuck that shit! Nigga I'm too good! (hahaaaa!) 
Run tell niggaz 50's bougie
You don't buy his CD's and don't go see his movies! (fuck that!)
He don't act like he used to in Juve' ( WHOOO!)
He was on the medication that nigga there loony.


Can it be I been away too long? (Ohhhh!)
I mean way too long!


Can it be I stayed away too long? (I been away man!)
Did I leave your mind when I was gone? (Did you forget me?)
It's not my thing trying to get back! (I'm back baby! I'm back!)
But this time let me tell you where I'm at! (Well, I'm in SouthSide!)
You don't have to worry - 'cause I'm coming! (Haha!)
Back to where I should have always staaaayed!
And now I've heard the maybe - to your story (This is that shit right here!)
And it's enough love for me to staaaaaaaay! (Ahhhhhhh!) {Whooooooooooo Kiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiid!}
Can it be I stayed away too long?
Did I leave your mind when I was gone? (I'm a ask you again! Did you forget about me?)
It's not my thing trying to get baaaack,
But this time let me tell you where I'm at! (South-Side!)


I wanna, wanna be where you are!
Aaaaaaahhhhhhhh! - Anywhere you are!
Aaaaaaahhhhhhhh! - I wanna, wanna be where you are!
Aaaaaaahhhhhhhh! - Everywhere you are! (I said I wanna be where you are!)
Aaaaaaahhhhhhhh! - (Aaaaaaahhhhhhhh!)  {DAMN!} 
