


I don't wanna hear no complainin'!
Cause ya niggaz already know how I get man! Ya niggaz cannot punk 'round here!
What the fuck ya think it's different cause it's music? 
Nah man fuck that man! {DAMN!}


Close your eyes! - See the shooters see the money in the bag
See the D's in the unmarked - on a niggaz ass.
See '62 on the plate, when niggaz bag up
Scrape the plate my nigga! - Everything add up!
I'm hungry! - Like I been missin' a meal.
Back writin' like I need me a deal. - I show you the steel!
It's a jux nigga feel the chill
Up your spine I'm a menace for real! - I blast to kill! {COME ON!}
Leave your brains on the dash and wheel
Mix the kush with the hash and chill; let's talk bread!
Them niggaz in the way of the money let's shoot their head
The rest of them suckers have scattered it don't matter!
I try to get my head right, I boogie like my head lights
Big Benz! Big friends! Bitch get in!
I blow twenty on the chain, ten at the dice game
We used to be the same, now we not alike man! - C'mon!


The thiiiings you dooooooooo...
Makes meeeeeee keep ruunnin' to yoooouuuu!
(Run to me now, baby come on! Run to me now, baby come on!)  {COME ON!}
The thiiiings you dooooooooo...
(Run to me now, baby come on! Come on! Come on! Come on!)
Makes meeeeeee keep ruuuunnin' to yoooouuuu! {Whooooooooooooooooooooooo Kiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiid!}
(Run to me now, baby come on! Come on! Come on! Come on!) {"FOREVER KING"!}


I like my bitches fast, jus' like the Porsches
Switch gears, ride at like 500 horses.
Your now rockin' with the boss of the bosses
My wris' glis' so sick I leave a nigga nauseous.
That's you lied! - What's that you got?
I rock that on Monday, you'll have that one day!
Follow my footsteps you know I move proper
So what you got a chopper? Nigga I got a chopper!
Mines ain't got no wheels; what's the deal?
Propellor's propel, I'm on the top of New York!
Top of the food chain, nigga talkin' my talk;
Success is my addiction you should take a hit of this {HAHA!}
I'm down for the friction you start it I'll finish it
Victim? - Pick 'em! - Knife work - stick 'em!
Chrome Colt - pop 'em! - Hollowtip - drop 'em!
It won't be long 'fore you're goin' dyin' now, watch 'em! (Come on! Come on!)


The thiiiings you dooooooooo... {CAN'T FORGET...}
Makes meeeeeee keep ruunnin' to yoooouuuu! {NIKKI!}
(Run to me now, baby come on! Run to me now, baby come on!) {G-UNIT!}
The thiiiings you dooooooooo... 
(Run to me now, baby come on! Come on! Come on! Come on!)
Makes meeeeeee keep ruuuunnin' to yoooouuuu!
(Run to me now, baby come on! Come on! Come on! Come on!)  {"THISIS50.COM"!}


Yeah!
After the drought it's the flood! 
It's strategic man!
I planned it! {HAHA!}
NOW... follow my footsteps!
You know I move proper!
Let me inspire you! 
Let me make you wanna win!
Let's take it to the top, baby!
I wan' say somethin' that'll make you hungry! 
Don't let nobody fuck up your vibe man!
Come in with that negative bullshit we don't wanna hear it!
How they gon' stop a hustler from hustlin'?
Man!
Till next time...
50!  {LET'S GO!} 
