


Baby come and play and lay and stay with me girlfriend a change your life.
Spend the night with me we'll talk and chill and watch TV she said sure you're right.

Some girls says I'm the cutest others says I'm the rudest, meditate like a budist expose em like a nudist,
I'm jesus they judas, my diamonds the bluest, got the answers they clueless, ashanti foolish.
I'm with a stewardess, mami say a flight attendent, called her a stupid bitch, sorry nah I might have ment it.
See I'm the type that ment it, 4 mill I might have spend it, but I got it back right back yeah yeah my life is splendid.
Me and mami drinking drinking till the point she earl, I'm about too swearl the world world wanna join me .
The clothes from Italy, the coke from Sicily, I'm talking littarly, c'mon now stop kidding me.
I don't kid at all, I get it all, get reed of it all, come and stay with me, where I live? the mall.
Back to bank, the dealer shop, and the rim shop, you know him slim before Mims I've been hot!


Baby come and play and lay and stay with me girlfriend a change your life.
Spend the night with me we'll talk and chill and watch TV she said sure you're right

Yo, Miami listining to Brisco, I get it cooking like crisco, from Chi town back to Frisco, my diamonds like a disco.
Mami what the hell you ride, you know what the hell I like a hood bitch, strecth marks?, bdbs? cellulite.
Baby we need eachother, don't wanna meet your mother, my mouth is like the sewer yeah yeah I keep it gutter.
I sell hot pies and butter, don't wanna see you suffer, nigga like me wouldn't meet another, you clogged up I be your plummer.
? You know how the game go, different color cars our garage a rainbow, I'm the leprecon, but I sell methadon, marijuan, heroin, ten year run marathon.
My hood like lebanon, but that is benetton, you up in sumin fly, I got my weapon on, we get our chefin on chefin on everyday, I got the cookie cutter, mami the pepper spray.


Baby come and play and lay and stay with me girlfriend a change your life.
Spend the night with me we'll talk and chill and watch TV she said sure you're right

Uhh, let's gets this guacamole, you feelin hot then hold me, you had your guard up at first like a soccer golie.
If I got it, you get it, baby I get it you got it, let's hit the pacific, terrific I'm feelin melotic.
Cus you lookin exotic, now you gettin erotic, like you straight from the tropics, wanna shoot it and cock it.
Not the blama baby girl I'm talkin sumin else, all she do is look and say cam you sumin else.
Listing love Iaint the one that get lovy dovy but you lookin good, you ever need a hobby lovely, you got too love me, shoots of bubble, get your mouth wet, you the outlet got to plug me!


Baby come and play and lay and stay with me girlfriend a change your life.
Spend the night with me we'll talk and chill and watch TV she said sure you're right
