


Yo... who the fuck brought me this chocolate shit, man?
I said a banana nutriment, man
You all heard the fuck I said... I gave you.
I wrote it on the fuckin' paper, man
You all motherfuckers always fuck around and forgettin' something and shit
Smart dumb niggas and shit, runnin' around here and shit
You all niggas need to wisen up, man, yo..
Fuck that special ed, shit


I said Big O, hydro-face, pass me the sazone, it's on
There go son, tap out the hash bone
Half moon, he rock, three's fourth quarter length
No jewels, no rocks, it's not worth the spotlight
His gun tool, was a half a hill
That's a six digit slip behind five sticks, eatin' steel, fuck him
We're gonna -- we're gonna get our money
If he front, they're gonna read about the rocks in his tummy
Mouth was red, socks was bloody, fuck all the talkin'
Safety off and shit, crept out, "What up money? Freeze!"
Don't move, turn around, act like James Brown
And get down! Get slapped with the put down
Wasn't you the same clown? Uptown, yappin'
I keep big Shirley on my side, so what's happenin'?
Try eatin' these shells, they non fattening
After you digest gat, I'm gonna stomp you bastards
So take that.. blow, blow! Ghost, he still breathing
Blow, blow! Anything after that it don't matter
Your homies and your close relatives
Even them nosy ass pigs'll get splattered
It's the THEODORE, send me to Iraq I come back with don heat
Teeth, less than a week, they be callin' me
Keep with the fists, 'cause I sure do cook when it's beef


Yo, what up? Meet, these, O.G.'s, quote these and
Baller' shit, long biscuits
Fuck around, take all your shit
Call your bluff, you all faggots don't want no beef
Grind your teeth and just roll with it, don't risk it
Fuck around, and be a statistic


Yo, yo, niggas ask why I use my glock
'cause it's 2003, motherfucker, I refuse to box
I'm true to block, strip you for your shoes and socks
Remove your watch, yo I'm gonna have to lose your top
I'm from a place where chunk heads and zombies dwell
And niggas keep they heat blazin' like Bonzi Wells
Don't ever talk to a nigga like I'm one of your kids
'cause I'll cock back the mag and pop one in your ribs
So homeboy, keep runnin' your jibs, I'm gonna run in your crib
Pistol whip you right in front of your wiz
My nigga, that's how it is, I get it, just how I live
'cause me without a gun is like Queens without the bridge
Classic cut, this is how an O.G. live
Lamp in village, and still get heard with no spins
This is Trife Diesel, New York's backbone, back home
Black blown, it's Theodore, nigga, fuck your wack stones




That's right, it's real!
It's that muthafuckin' Theodore Unit
Know what I mean? Staten Island, live shit, you all
Straight up and down, nothin' but that cutthroat shit
Blowin' niggas back home, you know what I mean?
I don't give a fuck... we could take it there
Whatever, peace, we got him nigga
Yeah, now I'm gonna strangle it there
No doubt, it's real right now, motherfucker
You all niggas done done it, fuck you all yeah
I'm gonna get the fuck outta this booth
