Lil' Kim
Miscellaneous
I Know It Hurts (Aunt Dot)
Lil' Kim (Lil' Shanice)- 
My Aunt Dot left a glot, there's some blood on the sheets 
Told me to clean the shit up, then she hit the streets 
Even though I'm her neice, she copped me a piece 
Wack-ass caliber, nickel-plated with the Salender, what? 
She don't know I like my guns pretty 
Like my boy Pastor Troy with the twin Glizzy's 
I haerd a knock at the door 
To my surprise, I saw these two familiar eyes 
Who are you? (What up, I'm Shaince, don't remember me?) 
She called me by my government name Kimberly 
Who sent you? 

Lil' Shanice- 
My mom sent me 
Her name is Dotty 
She packed a note in my knapsack, along with a shotty 

Lil' Kim (Lil' Shanice)- 
Heh, she was cute and mad fly 
She had the Prada knapsack, with the hat to match 
Bararri hiking boots with the mink Bubble Goose 
And I could see she was admiring my mink ski-suit 
Then she handed me the note (Here, read this) 
I just stared her up and down cause I couldn't believe it 
Then I opened it 
It said bitches is out to get you 
Your so-called friends put a bomb in ya Benz 
I'm on a mission now to do some harm to your friends 
They know where you live, so evacuate the crib 
And oh, the little girl, that's ya cousin Shanice 
Since I can't be with her, I need you to babysit her 
Besides, she looks up to you 
You're her idol, and tomorrow is her first violin recital 
And she would be more than happy if you could take her 
Peace, my number is on back of the paper, hit me later 
Damn, what went wrong? 
Can't we all just get along? And make hit songs 
Bitches all up in my ass like a thong 
If this was a show, ya'll hoes would get gone 
Cause if it's on, then it's on, bring it on 
What the fuck you waitin' for? Come on, let's get it on 
What? What's takin' you so long 
I've got plans for future to bring back ya head like Medusa 

(Chorus) 
Girls be actin' stink and mad funny 
Ya'll bitches bleed like me, on the monthly 
Can't stand the pain, then pop a Humphry 
I know it hurts 
(I'm feelin' ya'll) 
Girls be actin' stink and mad funny 
Ya'll bitches bleed like me, on the monthly 
Can't stand the pain, then pop a Humphry 
I know it hurts 
(I'm feelin' ya'll) 

Lil' Kim (Lil' Shanice)- 
Uh, we in the Range and it's fucked up weather 
It's snowin' and I'm tryin' to put the whole shit together 
How Laverne, she always wanted to be like me 
Dress like me, and look like me 
And Nicole, it's like she lived in my house 
Askin' me for money, day in and day out 
And last but not least, the grimmiest one Tiesha 
She planned it all, come to find out her name is Keisha 
Come on Shanice, I'm takin' you to my house in Alpine 
(I wanna go with you) 
Uh, be quiet and we'll get along fine 

Lil' Shanice- 
Come on please, I wanna be just like you 
600 Mercedes and 380's in my doll babies 
Crazy brogette's in my barrets 
And H-class rocks inside my baby G-shots 
Fuck Barney and Lambchop, I don't love them hoes 
But anything goes when it comes to bank rolls 
Diamonds on my toes, X and O's 
Versace hottie in designer clothes 
Stick little Lincoln and Dutch, them take 'em to Toys 'R Us 
Make them spend they G's, then kick 'em out, make 'em catch the bus 
The S, the H, the A, the N, the I, the C, the E 
But all my friends call me Miss Little Queen Bee 
What what, I like the gleam 
Know what I mean? 
Ever see the Professional? Well I can clean 

Lil' Kim (Aunt Dot)- 
You know what? I like you, little big person 
Rule number one, no cursin', but anyway 
What you know about that? You too young for that 
When I was your age, I would've got hung for that 
Then I picked up the phone, to call my Aunt Dot 
So she can fill me in a little more about the plot 
Hold on, 9-1-7 5-3-8-2-1-2-2 
(Hello?) Yo, what's the deal? 
Body's gettin' spunnin' out, I mean whats this all about? 

Aunt Dot- 
See it's sorta like what Tonya Harding did to Nancy 
They don't want you to win no more 
But probably don't want you to attend no more 
And I guess that's why they ain't your friends no more 
The other day when I was comin' out the grocery store 
I saw the bitch Nicole in front of the salon next door (For real?) 
Yep, and I choked the bitch out 
Placed one to the heart 
Tied up her hands and feet, threw into my back seat 
Then I dumped her on a dead end street 
The other two, yeah, they still linger 
But don't lift a finger, I'ma get 'em 
So just play and come home 
When we hang up, get rid of your phone 

Lil' Kim- 
Woo, when Aunt Dot comes, oh brother 
It's like five Bloody Mary's, one after another 
Hmmph, she have you stressed 
No wearin' white, no sex 
And when she get vexed, guess what happen next? 
Cause them other two girls that's still on the menu 
Is the reason why the story is to be continued... 

(Chorus) 
Girls be actin' stink and mad funny 
Ya'll bitches bleed like me, on the monthly 
Can't stand the pain, then pop a Humphry 
I know it hurts 
(I'm feelin' ya'll) 
Girls be actin' stink and mad funny 
Ya'll bitches bleed like me, on the monthly 
Can't stand the pain, then pop a Humphry 
I know it hurts 
(I'm feelin' ya'll)