Seen at the crib getting high Planning on how to get my next check My life flash before my eyes My enemies is... Most of you niggas be imaginary Friends having pillow talking Text and hoes, what kind of shit? If you end up missing then I shall fall Taking up prisoners is my motto My brother told me that he's doing time Life... I see murder Damn, I wanna see them niggas shine If you're real stab me in the front If you're fake stab me in the back I heard what you've been saying foe Your people called and told me that! I was kinda shocked but then I said that's just how it was to be I jumped in my car, I went to get a ball and we hit the streets I threw my pieces up I, I threw my pieces up! You don't know who know who, so it's best to shut the fuck up!Chorus: You pillows talking to the hoes You pillows talking to the hoes You don't know who she know, who they know who she know, who they know who she know, who they know You pillows talking to the hoes You pillows talking to the hoes You don't know who she know, who they know who she know, who they know who she know, who they know who she know, who they know who she know, who they knowHey, look at you dumb ass, trying to get a chrome ass Always want some ass with your little bum ass Nigger you need to go and get your mind right The next pills got you niggers giving away your whole life ..couple of drinks now you even gave this bitch your social.. number But tomorrow when you wake up, happy that shit you won't remember Your baby momma been all over the city streets Your name came out of the mouth of so many freaks Random hoe describing a shit, like they're little witches. Facebook and Twitt pic and candid pictured with you Tipping out, why you

sleep without your cash and jewels You thought she was a... nigga you're a damn fool!Chorus: You pillows talking to the hoes You pillows talking to the hoes You don't know who she know, who they know who she know, who they know who she know, who they know You pillows talking to the hoes You pillows talking to the hoes You don't know who she know, who they know who she know, who they know who she know, who they know who she know, who they know who she know, who they knowOh no, we're sitting in the black... All black on, I'm messed up Came with tools, we hammered up And if you sleep, you wait your ass up Yes we are, we're in front of your house Guess what, we're about to run in your house How we know? Nigga you should know Cause body's on, you'll be running your mouth That's right boy, that bitch you like The one you met, you talk to on Skype I know her too, she cool with boo I read the text that you sent her, right! Long hair, big old ass, tattoos Fendi bag You told.. will you keep the cash Got them Brooklyn boys came to see your ass! Frighten dog, what you're running from? Never post tell a bitch nothing, dog! Why you tell her... That's why we get you in this... The same bitch that you're talking to The same bitch that wanna come up too The same bitch that fucked with all the niggers and get all the niggers just come for youChorus: You pillows talking to the hoes You pillows talking to the hoes You don't know who she know, who they know who she know, who they know who she know, who they know You pillows talking to the hoes You pillows talking to the hoes You don't know who she know, who they know who she know, who they know who she know, who they know who she know, who they know who she know, who they know