

We met at city walk, universal studio
Uhh so beautiful
Truly cold
Shawty need a movie role
I am not an actor but I'm stickin to the script
Tony Montana had me stickin to da plimp
But now I got an actress stickin to my hip
And she hit with me with her
You can roll the credits.
Shawty is my fetish.
And you know I like em redish and shawty is redish
U kno I like em fine and shawty is da last number on my dial
Speedin like a cop behind me
Tryna catch up with this girl like sum 57 heinz
And u deserve lobster mami
So how bout I make reservations at crustaceans for 9?
Table for two
Just me and you
Some drinks and some food
Couple yeah I kno's couple of jokes
Uh couple plies uh couple girl I kno lour lines.
Cup of patron
Cup of Dom
Perignon
Cup of hound
Cup of mounz
Cup of groundz
Cup of groun
And we hit our cup of lawn and her goodies so good I can't make a bad sound
And her pussy so good wish I could wear it for cologne
And her pussy so wet I wish I slip and break my neck
And I take her to Rodeo
She shopped all day-o
And I fucked her hollywood ass like she was from LA-o
I wish dey could be california girls (California ca ca california)
Man I wish dey could be california girls (California ca ca california)

She my california love
My california love
Dat girl my california love

Uhh but shawty got da nerve though
Cause now she tellin me to stop
Now she said she wanna stop
Now I'm callin one stop: where da purple? like where da purple?
And my mamma said nerver hurt a woman but, wat if dat woman hurt me?
And dey say love is priceless but right now is dirt cheap
And we say we will fight dis until round 13 but jus like Mike Tyson we were not a sure thing.
We were only bitin on a dream in dat boxin ring and in dat boxes it's a ring... a ring
Now can somebody call dat thing and tell her shawty give me back my ring
Shawty give me back my ring... and dat one thing
And now I wish dey all...
I wish dey all could b california girls
Cus she was my California love
My California love
My California love
My California love
Da girl was my California love


Uhhh my caliz consist from Compton to da valley
Uh few statillion and rancho cucamonga
So run does they say waitin patiently like a drumroll
From my area codes got em all from 213, 310, 32330
I got a bad one up in carson soon as we met her heart strung
She gorgeous
I'm fallen
Can't fall though, never been my morals
Just plenty oral
I'm yung though so before we start get ready to bounce like a 64
Yo wats yo info? sexy text me like usin a pencil and your friends been know
I'm real gd yung money baby no rental
But before it all end (oh)
Just remember:
I'm that (oh)
You exited on
Just tell your friend who enter
