

Okay, now they say home is where the hate is.
Pulling up high haters.
I know, I've been on a hiatus, caught up in the lights, I've been blinded by Las Vegas.
Ain't it ironic? Before I was 21 I put my future on the table and I won
See, they told me life's a gamble, now this is my casino
Make sure my fellows good, now I'm Robert DeNiro,
Sipping cleco with the girl that held me down from the beginning,
My team throwing up Ls, but it's funny, 'cause we're winning,
A million talked down, soon as I rose from the bottom,
But opinions ass holes now, everybody got 'em.

So they ask me why I do it, I do it for the streets
Heard mama got out the crib, man, I do it for the greeds,
Man, I do it for the five pack of Haines wife beats
That I wore like everyday to show off my brand new ink
Shit I remember working jobs so I just can hit the dance up,
Never had a date, so I really didn't dance much.
Couldn't buy my own, so I just borrowed my dad's tux,
Told him keep the loafers, kept it gully with my black chucks.
So we could keep watching the stars, but me, I wanna be 'em
And I just beat the odds, guess we can call it even
'Cause he the underdog went from flipping patties at a Fuddruckers
To living lavish than a motherfucker, God damn.

Hold up
Okay, I heard they want the classics, my life's a movie like the Truman Show, without the cameras.
They look at us like we're a couple boys in the hood,
Four brothers to the end like them boys in the wood.
So I light it up for the Friday night lights with the team
And a notebook, call it Requiem for a dream.
I was super bad in the class, I just dazed off,
So I play sick and lived Ferris Bueller's day off.
Back in Coolie high students used to nickname us the Goonies
Every night we blacked out, shit, they should've called us roofies.
Get out the bed, half baked, roll another doobie.
So many snacks up in the house, they call the crib Scooby.
Blow an oiee and man, man I swear this is good as it gets,
Godfather told me keep doing that music shit.
He said your piece of the American pie is waiting
From the bottom to the top, almost famous, Kells.
