

Woo (ahh, ahh) Yo, Yo, Yo. This goes out to all my peoples
down in the Weak Way section and all my peoples in the 
Hootieville Section. Word is bond. Jamaica Queens in the hidda 
house. Word is bond as we set it off like this. 

I'm like RR like I had my flows beez like all girls draws be 
crack da phills spread da reals in the hidash 
roll it up then ask who chipped in 4 da exedera
funk extraterrestrial sniping 57 passengers like wesley do
it's da truth like vodk 180 proof don't drop ya draws
I hump through ya daisy dukes (true)
put ya fingers in the da air if you're high (high)
I walk by so F a drive (by)
I swing up in it battin average is half as good as Reggie Jack 
Is dats why U talk backwards and and uh chumps be on some
bogard stuff like Humphrey
You couldn't beat me if you ran with 2 Jump Street or in 90210 
F it Yo in da movies I'm tha brother puffing ahh in da back row. 


I can't wait to get it on 

I'm just a smokey boy from the land of the lost
You can't see me like Charlie's Angels boss
I'm often coolin round da blidock I rocks around the clidock
My sha sha clock from here 16th and Lenox ask
Rodger Thomas if I'm getting scamad
I wa milk last year now I'm butta like Blue Bonnett
Now who got da funk? (We got the funk)
A yo well I got da rah we got the ahh I never sniff
I'm just swiff with da gift
We get our crew to disappear in da mist - Reezeal
You couldn't feel me on braille - Well 
I write my names on walls in spots when I'm buyin ale
Da fly guy wit da force like Luke Sky down 4 a mozitwa hon
If ya fly - Da Funkadelic been rocking mics since da 4th grade 
I terminate like X and terminate like swartzenegge dum dee dum 
rock like Bijou Bonton sooped like Wonton
Funk by da tons drums
Please my whole crews making gees tonights da night
Baby so blow up off these and it's on. 



I said I catch that A Train to da left da chalk
I set it off like Bobofet - Big up 2 all my brothas in da housing projects
I runnin up in ya continue 2 split ya guts
Grab da rail you need to hold when I rock well got wits like
Pernell its da bomb like aknel - rickety rocking mind deep as the
lockness - waste brothas like Toxic - wet like Goloshes
Can I handle my biz? Yes U can 
cause I cause chaos I bring a lot of Def 2 Jams 
yes I can now act stoopid I'll pop da trunk 
caclunk now gimme a ba bump ba bump 
oooh cool smoove like 2 blue suede shoes 
y'all peoples slept on my hoffin and koos word 2 dantan pillow and Cool B.
switchin speeds like Bruce Lee riding a Fuji in a movie 
I rock it on the one F Da 2, 3 funky like a box
of aah on looseleaf. 

Yo I said ah, switching up speeds like Bruce Lee Riding a Fuji in that movie 
(ha, ha) 
I be saying something real word up if you ain't get it laugh now (he, he) 
and then figure it out when you get home. 
Word up, aight
