


Luda! (Yep)
S.G.!
Chris Breezy
(It's Me)


Oh Oh oh oh oh oh
Oh Oh oh oh oh oh



I know what them girls
I know I know what them girls
I know I know what them girls
I know I know what them girls like

I know what they feel
Cause I'm breathing on the hills
And it's me that they wanna kill
Cause I give her what them girls like

I know what them girls
I know I know what them girls
I know I know what them girls
I know I know what them girls like

I know what they feel
Cause I'm breathing on the hills (HAHAHA!)
And it's me that they wanna kill (LUDA!)
Cause I give her what them girls like


Relax & take notes,
While I'm put you up on game
Get a sweeter connect, as put up on cane,
But you should grab yourself a seat and Whisky Double,
Because the girls are the world ain't nothing but trouble,
They like a little danger, and might not admit it,
But, They on for the chase and they want us to come and get it,
Plus they love a young thug that's overflowing with swagger!
And that keeps all his women draped in Louis Vuitton Bags!
With Louis Viton pumps, look at them walk to 'em,
I like open toast straps, but SG talk to em!


I wanna whole buncha girls to bring out the kryptonite,
Betta wear your cake, they bringing that kryptonite,




Yea, we gonna take this to verse 2,
Some of them wanna a family, a sense of security,
A neckless, bracelet and all other types of jewelery,
So, shop till you drop em, till it makes you psychotic,
Here's a triple Black Card, it ain't tricking if you got it!
Others'll stay content if you be making them laugh,
Send em to the spa, a massage then bubble bath,
So later on, they can dance and throw a drink in their hand,
And try any and everything they never did with their man, me!
So get loose and slide of those garments,
Show em whose the boss, cause they take orders from the sergeant
There's places on your body that I'm trying to find,
So in the sack, talk to me, bout whats on your mind,
I got plenty more to learn if you're invested in me,
They don't love me for who I am but who I'm destined to be,
And for that I'll give you everything up under the sun,
Cause in the end, all the girls just wanna have fun!




They wanna talk to ya, so shut up and listen!
So if you can't take the heat, get the f***k out the kitchen!
Cause that ride or die man for his ride or die chick gets that ride or die pudding for that ride or die shit 
I say,
They wanna talk to ya, so shut up and listen!
So if you can't take the heat, get the f***k out the kitchen!
Cause that ride or die man for his ride or die chick gets that ride or die pudding for that ride or die shit 




Yes! They want what they can!


Women, I love you all, theres just not enough time.
Believe that, if your man don't tell you how beautiful you are,
Your beautiful baby!
I love women so much, I have one,
Hahaha,
LUDA! Chris Breezy, this too easy,
SG what up!
Hahaha.


Oh Oh oh oh oh oh
Oh Oh oh oh oh oh
