


Warning! This album contains Ludacris material
Parental discretion is advised
So kids cover your ears and close your eyes
Otherwise you're about to witness HISTORY
The thoughts and views expressed on THIS album
are a direction reflection of the new generation
So without further ADIEUX
I bring to YOU, that nigga named Luda


HEY! I be that nigga named LUDA give a round of applause
They say I'm up to no good, I'll say I'm down for the cause
Down for whatever goes down, I'm strapped down to my drawers
So if you up for some stitches then I'm down for some scars
Down to make 'em GET DOWN, stop playing and pause
There's two things I'll never break and that's my word and my balls
So here's a temporary fix for your permanent flaws
This album helps you to RELEASE cause life is irking us all
Enough to make you wanna break shit, no longer will I take shit
From ANY of these clowns cause I'm TIRED of this fake shit
I'm ready for some action, ready with a passion
Like pots with the steam I'm ready to get it cracking
It's six years and counting if you think I'm a joke
Me getting served is like Bill Gates and Oprah going broke
It's 'bout time they gave it to me, I'm the reigning champ
Your favorite rapper went to Ludacris' training camp
Beotch!


Yeah shawty! (That's right)
On the real I feel you on that
Man I'm tired of all these fake-ass niggaz homes
(Hell yeah shawty) Ay ay, this your boy Lil' Black
Representing that zone-trey you feel me
All these niggaz ay, I told y'all hoes that I'm the man
I told y'all homey nigga just need to get to the money man
Stop fucking with homes man, feel me?

I JUST WANNA KNOW WHAT HE SAID ABOUT OPRAH!
DON'T NOBODY TALK BAD ABOUT OPRAH!
YOU JUST LOST A FAN

Man Joe, I'ma tell you what the bid'ness is
You fucking with a true player, true and recognized, ya dig?
Y'all already know the demo, Scary Larry sweet big-ass punks
If you ain't fucking with my guy, What is yo' life about?
Kick rocks, SKEEZER please!

Yo God, man Chris can kiss my ass
He remember me, I was at the club right there with him
He he coulda got me in
I mean I went to Benjamin Banneker high school with him
I knew him before all the fame
That's how you gonna do your people man?
That's how you gonna do your folk?

Yup! Tch man I used to cook for this nigga
See he done come over to my house the other day
Talking 'bout, he don't eat beef and he don't eat pork
And my homegirl was over there and she was like
"Girl he look so tall on TV!"
I said, "Girl I told you he was short"
Maaaaaaan, I don't give a damn
I looooove that nigga!
