

I'm in the ghetto, ghetto, ghetto, ghetto.
I'm in the ghetto, ghetto, ghetto, ghetto. Lunatics...

The police do us rough like the skin on the gator, stop us, shock us, with then tazers, free cases and say hate us,
My baby momma keep me chain smoking Newport, cause of course for more support, so she keep in court,
With no remorse, tying to force, but I'm a tell you again, gonna get my kids what they want but bitch ain't gonna bye you no Benz,
Like thesis said the feds do shit that's unheard of, like giving niggas in more time for selling dope then murder,
I told the judge stop tripping let my niggas come home, Jerry Brown, Moony Mark, cousins Goog and Jerome,
Can't get a job so our 9 to 5 is robbing each other, just for eating, for that reason no folks don't trust us,
The church say we welcome but I can't tell, it's like the only way to heaven is to go through hell,
I met a kid the other day that said he never father, it ain't your but that's the problem.


The police want us dead, baby momma's don't like us, the teachers won't teach us and the feds wanna indict us,
The judge don't believe us, old folks don't trust us, the church don't want us and our daddies don't love us.
I'm just trying to do what I do tying to survive on less then mon, living make it so hard for, it's a struggle just to get by,
This is another day up in the ghetto, just keep racing to the top and never settle,
There's a way out you keep searching til you find it the mirror.

(Let me tell you something, look, learn, learn, listen, listen.)
If the religion of my ancestors that falled, that God wouldn't give a nigga a problem that a nigga couldn't solve,
And demand me to evolve into something more than I am, here's my reason here Sam I'm like man God damn,
When the reflection in the mirror don't explain who I am, so I tempt faith at every single step a nigga takes it's like,
I'm up stream in a battle that can't be won, across shore of broken promises that can't be swung,
But I got heart and I survive I see the water getting deeper, the pressure getting to me my body starts to heat up,
At the time I'm freeway puffing freely with the seat up, no infinite, windows tented, bumping City with the beat up,
The girl in the next lane fly, but a partner beat up trying to holla but I'm on some other shit so I'm a speed up,
Back to my thoughts again, back to He-man Park again, shoot that jumper and that thumper.



(Ghetto, hey, yeah, alright)
Yo, it's time to step it up, you know we raised the niggertivity, 400 years we've been falling for all the triggery,
Everybody sick of the same thing that sickens me, healthcare for everybody living in poverty,
So many people can't see the genisie, so many people is left to die,
Me try not to cry, cause my history is a why, I got a 3rd eye so I clearly see through the lie,
We need to unite, come together and fight, not in the physical but shit definitely in the mind,
Somebody's in control of destiny's design, so now we got to pick on what was left behind,
Figure out our freedom, country get our power refined, then we deal in equality God no longer blind,
Then before the good destroy what's in the swine, then you'll be born in no time. So love.


