



It's about 40 degrees out there
I know all you out there listenin to these sounds
humpin and a bumpin out in your Jeeps
Well, ahh.. you tell em Moe 
That's right, and right now, we're gonna hit you off
with one from Redman, and uhh, it's about uhh
Well.. OOH OOH AHH AHH, he's gon', LET THE MONKEY OUT


Ha, Chi-Town in it
Yo, yo-y-yo-yo
Now first of all I be the Doc smokin blocks of hash
Alert your fag ass commisioner when I harass because
hood regulation is, no infiltration
If it's hot to your crew, then it's hot to the next patient
I'm in The Bricks like backspins on the mix
I'm not a playa, but y'all hatin me like I'm a pimp
These cars y'all talk about, the Doc already whipped
You bout to go downtown bitch, like Tha Shiznit
Overseas bangin cot in the parkin lot
I'm overdosin in a Amsterdam coffee shop
And when you lust for hardcore music to bust
Trust that nigga who bubble mo' than Alka-Seltzer Cold Plus
Static, niggaz actin all dramatic
I'd rather smoke cabbage, in the chair gettin tatted
My P.O. tried to violate me for the habit
because I walked in the office rockin straight karats


Gonna ride in the hoop' with a freak tonight
Hope to God I don't have to pull the heat tonight
But uhh, light up a L cause I'm a nigga fo' life
Hustlers, got the shit that'll keep you high!

"Gently place the balls, into the mouth, and .. HUMMMMM" 


Yo, I'm in your local ghetto rollin a Corona Deluxe
Bitch you better hit the 40, fuck a margarita!
Shit I still scam change out the parkin meter
And get a bunch of pussies wet overfloodin peanuts
Yes, smoke a quarter-sacks, hut one two
My cerebral will keep the white boys sniffin glue
Hotter than Champagne Rump Shaker Part II
Get dap like the Mad Rapper, "Who da fuck are you?"
The Loaded Desperado, I'm cooler than Rollo
(Aiyyo, what you hittin Doc?) I'm hittin hoes up in the Tahoe
Gettin chickens fightin in the back of the Apollo
Say, "Fuck dat!" if I'm a tough act to follow
("Fuck dat!!!") Disagree I bring the beef gyro
Only right I spiral the hot shit that I know


Then buy a six shot Eclipse with plastic grips


And get a gangsta bitch who love robbin shit!




It don't stop y'all, it don't stop nigga
You don't stop y'all, it don't stop nigga
I turn an independent woman back into a HOOCHIE
Make a Jew rock a Dashiki and a KUFI


I be the, Nutty Professor, style aggressor
Put rappers under pressure, with no cooker


Rock it to a T. like Booker, you're straight shook up
I can't hang with pussy niggaz who be scared as hell to push up
Too much money and, not enough time
It be, too many thugs and not enough nines
Hey hoe, here come five-oh, stash the blow
Stop suckin on my dick and slide on your Kenneth Coles


And everytime we look around them niggaz on my block


Aiyyo them Def Squad motherfuckers keeps it hot



"HUMMMMM" 
