Supa Luv (Watcha say, watcha say now?)
Supa Luv (Supa Luv baby, Supa Luv baby)
Supa Luv (Supa Luv baby)
(Come on, 9th Wonder)
I was a sceptic, hesitant, even when he said
(She's the closest thing to an angel I've ever seen)
I've heard that line before
It always carried some ill intent for sure
But then he said it some more
Pretend I've never been in love, I'm not getting sprung
But I could miss it, he could be the one
Go one better and he could make me believe that
(She's a lady to the extreme)
About Jean, I'm 'bout to
Call my family, be like "I met him mom! Wedding's on!"
Ready to party but instead I'm calm
Surface though, all fireworks, wired up espresso
Chill in the tropics drinking rum punch, One Love
Singing it over lunch he got me ...
My luck's been out, feel me?
It done run south, left me a ton of doubt
It's never fun getting the run-around (uh-uh)
Was never one to be wooed easy, I bruise easy
When dudes leave me I get boozed up, they don't trust me
He freaking speech though and I'm drinking ghost lager
A teensy-more-than-moderate ...
Feeling your clothes cos you're appealing and you're really close
Thinking of stashing you up in my pocket, being ghost
Check it, I'm long-legged
We could wreck my dorm mattress
You could be my new partner, uh baby, my new fetish
Could this be the Supa Luv for me?
I'm looking for the one in all my dreams
This one's different though
Step to me dancing, hand in my back pants
Same line, way fine, he from the Cayman Islands
And my waistline he trace, fine enough flutter my eyelids I'm
Drinking Patron shots, so much the floor shake
Loving every bit of him he's sputtering the rhythm and
Buttering Grae's ego with the clean-cut pimp-lean
..., gutter slang, "I think I love he!"
Picture us lovely playing games he's hugging me
Staying engaged two weeks, eloping out the country
He's so special got a spark of potential and um
Y'all, did I mention he's a tall drink of water?
Sink him into me mentally, intensely feeling him
Intentionally sipping Hennessy, let's leave the building
Then we can build more, he's so hot
He could father my children plus he told me I got
Supa Luv for Jean (Just for me baby)
Could you be the Supa Luv for me?
I'm looking for the one in all my dreams
What's your name and how you maintain, huh?
(Hmmm...) You don't say a word
I like you too, I'd like to invite you to a party in my pants
Okay, that was just rude, let's dance (sorry)
For seven long hours, spottin gems droppin 'em back
Pop my collar, there was the brother with the drop impala
The hot model, you could spot his pet piranha
... I'm swearing, your honor (I swear!)
I'd never let him get the better of me but the problem
He's got those words that block my curves
Get my nerves boxed up til I'm impossibly slurred
I gotta stop before I vomit
And if the cops occured it would be drama
And plus my warrant's absurd
It's time to go home, go alone, chill and relax
But wait, there's the first brother grilling me back
Could you be the Supa Luv for me?
I'm looking for the one in all my dreams
Could you be my Supa Luv?