One bad bitch, throw your hands up
Ain't goin' like a sucker, come on motherfucker stand up
I'm givin' out Frankenstein's [pictures?]
So come all at one time, I got somethin' for all you blind bitches
Wanna fight me for the dumb shit?
But as soon as you comin' out your mouth, [back that ass is it?]
See bitches get out of hand for nothin' at all
Small talk about somebody wanna fuck a man
The nigga ain't all that, he abuses you
And cruises through Manhattan with that stupid-ass [hat?]
Thinkin' that he's some kind of villain
They shot up his man, the duck motherfucker ran from the killin'
And you's a stupid-ass ho
For thinkin' that a nigga that be with a crazy [?] won't let you go
But this here's another story
Cause see that I walk with a gun no matter who runs the territory
Cause see hoes be jumpin' fast
But I just pull it and put a bullet inside your ass
Sometimes you're in a jam
Can you deal with the fact somebody else is fuckin' your man?
And it happens kinda quick
Your bust in the house, another bitch's mouth is suckin' on your man's dick
But do you do things straight, or do you run to the back?
Open the trunk, the nickel-plate 38
"Wait wait, baby, please"
That's the shit he's coppin' when he's down on both his knees
And to you the girl's a slouch
So you pull the trigger, her brains fell behind the couch
Now you're facin' 25 to life
For what, a slut? When you wasn't the nigga's wife?
Now your ass is in a ditch
He doesn't accept your collect call, ain't that a (bitch)

[Verse 2]
You cuttin' up bitches like a maniac
You losin' your girl, ain't a nigga in the world worth all that
No matter how many minks he buy, how many drugs he supplies
He has his eyes on another girl's thighs
That's why he fly to the streets
Meetin' up with another bitch, and takin' her to eat
Girls to him they come a dime a dozen
And they probably fucked his brother, fucked his father, fucked his cousin
How many more can I name?
You givin' all his relatives the pussy, it's a fuckin' shame
So you [?] the crab
[? time?] that you got a dagger and went and started to stab
This motherfucker in his sleep
It's either that or pull a trigger on a nigga you can't keep
For self. Look out for yourself and stop worryin' about the rest
Go 'bout your day you tell the kid go 'head with his self
That's how it's done in a minute
He's goes on a roll and patrol for a ho to put his pole in it
And it ain't nothin' new
Just think of all the dirty shit he did to you
You [safely state?] but he still goes
He says "Bitch, you wanna own a dick you gotta go buy a dildo"
So you don't give a fuck
Because he's all about makin' a quick buck and gettin' his dick sucked
And yo it ain't gonna change
A nigga like that is impossible to rearrange
So what you do: fuck him, fuck the money, and the blazer
Give that nigga a straight razor

[Verse 3]
So you can kill all that hand bit
And save it for the [?] because it's dead and he can die from that man shit
Lock him up, well I doubt it
A nigga can hump every cunt and ain't shit that you can do about it
You're better off to forget him
A nigga don't wanna dig in his own ditch, then bitch don't fuck with 'im
You got a nigga that plays, ya walk around with a razor
Cause you got that you can fight like Frazier
So you duck him. Tell him good luck, and motherfuck him
And if your butt's still stuck, you better buck him
Tell the buck you don't need him
And beat him up and down, don't frown
To beat him, that's how you defeat him
Scream and shout until you pass out
And if he doesn't [?] then throw his motherfuckin' ass out
Fuck the bills he pays, leave him in pain for days
When you give him a straight razor

