[Featuring: Despot & Killer Mike]

[Verse 1: El-P]
To the mother of my enemy, I just killed your son
He died with his face to the sky and it can not be undone
He didn't die hard, in the end he just grinned and bowed
Made him dig his own grave at the point of a gun
While he laughed to the gods out loud
And it made me want to jump... out a window
And it made me want to scream
Tear my face off run through the streets
Pandemonium me, fucked by decree
Came a long way from young and alive when I was not blind...
Now I can not see
Grace in reverse at best it gets worse and I wanted you to know:
Since then I don't sleep
And the uniform, tags, side arm and ID that I wore
When I did it got send C.O.D
To the HQ, note reading "this is not me
And I hate you for making me make a man bleed"
And before the man passed and his last gasp fled
(and this is why I'm writing you now) his eyes gleamed
And he pointed to the part of his chest that still beats
Looked dead in my grill and then said this to me:

[Hook]
There is a tougher colder killer
A tougher colder killer
A tougher colder killer than you
And he will wipe us all from this place
You will learn to crawl
You will learn it all in just one day
Just one day

[Verse: El-P]
At a fucking Catalina wine mixer
Blitzer, move for the show ..., the shit's twisted
It's a lovely day to go Blitzkrieg, isn't it?
Listen in, suicide packs in the back, try dissin him
The block number no star 69 call 3
... system
Call with a loud talk, look back (whisper)
That motherfucker is no...

[Verse: Killer Mike]
The return of the other
Insane psycho sick savage raw rap rhyme motherfucker
With a big black belly
If I get to shaking like jelly and the gun
Don't jam, you're a dead motherfucker!
Niggas say sweet like smuckers
Peanut butter pack the motherfuckers
I'm ashamed for your mothers
Pause, calm
I know you momma, bad mother fucker
Double entendre

[Verse: Despot]
Mother fuckers don't know shit
Not the half of the math or the sum of the quotient
Get your camera and focus to capture the moment
I slap you for poking your nose in
... so tight that it's chocking
He got the whole world in his hands, hold this!
... don't get close
Watch me with the telescope
He watched the throne with

[Verse: El-P]
Trapped in another ..., work it, ...
Smash in another... stash gets murdered...
... cut right through sermons
I laugh at the priest getting deep in the service
Last guy to the big guy in the sky is a rotten
Egg, a potato ...
.. take a piss in his coffin
Better all dead than let him keep talking

[Verse: Killer Mike]
You better off walking and talking
Bullets get to sparkin leave you in chalk or a coffin
Lawd have mercy on the family and they losses
I paid for the roses to cover the coffin
I move like .. the boss up in Boston
Call me at the bottle house by Mr. Boston
Hit em with a bullet from a .38 snub
Hit the plug in his skull, hit the switch like soften

[Verse: Despot] 