

Yeah!
Pussy my passion, never been a fan of flashing
Probably cause I never could so if I had it, never would.
Then I got my first little taste of paper, and I splurged
I guess it's just the nigga urge, this is the Boondocks
I swear yo I'm like Huey mixed with Riley
Thursday I be trynna save the world, then on Friday I hit the club
Hoping that my dick get rubbed by some fat asses
Niggas get to scraping then you hear the gats blasting Damn!
older niggas ain't got no problems with me
My momma told me to speak like you got a college degree
You see I can, but I won't
Plus I'm saying what I won't
Plus this slang that I speak don't change that I'm deep
That's the throat, on a certified freak, while she choke?
As we headed to the crib, yes I let her give me head so she won't remember where I live
My game is tight, baby no need to bring pajamas, you ain't staying the night
No disrespect, I just say it polite
I drop her off before I sleep, I be praying for life

Like Hov said it Can I Live?
Aye dear Lord, Can I live? Hey!
Now am I Living to get paid just slaves for a wage (all week)
I can't do no 9 to 5 told my momma (sorry)
I can't do no suit and tie, no I want the (glory)
If you knew me know my life is like a movie starring me
Pardon me, if it seems that I'm following my dreams
I ain't reading off the script that they picked (for me)
I ain't pissed, naw could'ntgive a shit (hardly)
I be shitting on them niggas that was shitting on me
Will I live or will I die before they get to know me
If I go I know the ones that's pouring liquor for me
And I know the fake niggas really hating on me
Knew that I was bout to blow so they was waiting on me
But Oh-No, Lord
See I'm smarter then they know-oh-oh
So hold on, Lord, Cause I ain't quite ready to go-oh oh

Can I live

Somebody told me that it's only one shot, so I'll be God damn, If I'm ever gonna stop
Promise to my momma I'm a make it to the top
So I'm a keep climbing to my heartbeat drop

Like the phone when she heard the news
Her sister on the other line talking to her shoes
The only son, what a thing to lose
More blacks singing more blues
More niggas pouring more brews
Poor dude he was young like 21, strait up out that city that I'm from
A real smart Nigga, but his niggas they was dumb
He ain't even get a chance to run
Before it landed in his lung
God, breath nigga.
His partner screaming Don't you *** leave nigga!
Took off his shirt trynna stop the bleeding nigga, Don't you go!
But his life fading slow
Did I tell my mom I love her, do she know?
Did I tell my baby sorry from befo
Won't get to see my son grow
Lord I ain't ready to go

Can I live? Can I live? Dear Lord, Can I live?

Can I live? Yea
