

Niggaz is scared to fuck with the Dog cause I'm shady
You remember that kid from runnin up and down from Buildin 80? (UHH!)
Highs are extreme lows are suicidal
Got me reachin for the Bible cause I, think I'm genocidal (aah!)
Fakers think I'm bluffin but I'm not
Say that I be buggin cause I be makin it hot
Knowin all I got is my, nuts and my word (uh!)
Though I'm never seen, the Dark is always heard
I speak for those who speak with glocks (UHH) from frequent blocks (UHH)
Where the objective is to put in twelve, stay alive and leave in knots
From little rocks bein sold
Then motherfucker, if you LIVE to see 40 then you old
And me bein the way I am, if the Devil close to me
And that's the reason why I'm never I'm supposed to be
I chose to be, on some Dark shit (uhh)
Rip apart shit and start shit until whenever I depart bitch (aah!)
The hard shit, will leave yo' ass stretched (uh!) laid the fuck out
I'm on the edge, WHAT! Life is played out
I made out, kinda good with the last couple of runs
Up the, coast with it; couple of keys, couple of guns
The funds wasn't the issue, it was OTHER shit (uhh)
That had me flippin on my brother's shit, stealin from my mother's shit (UHH)
Cry by myself, I couldn't hide form myself
And if I push my wig back, then I die by myself

Deeper and deeper
With every move I make I'm fallin
Deeper and deeper
These souls from underground keep callin

Deeper and deeper
With every move I make I'm fallin
Deeper and deeper
These souls from underground keep callin

Why is it that I do what I do?
Why is it that, only to these streets can I be true?
I ain't never been shit, my peoples been told me so
Hold me yo; niggaz don't, know me yo!
Cause they ain't out that mob that's out to get niggaz
Rip niggaz, split niggaz when you hit niggaz
Long as there's bodies to be caught, there's shotties to be bought (YEAH)
Hired that transport, fake Gotti's to extort
I cry for help but niggaz don't, hear me (AHHHH!)
Niggaz don't understand me! That's why niggaz fear me
Hit the old neighborhood cause I'm bout to end it
Stressin shit that I went through and what I BEEN did
Niggaz I offended, will have to take it as a loss
Cause in a minute, what I'm THINKIN is about to look like sauce (BOOM!)
Gots to pay the cost and this time it's gon' cost you my life
My love to my children and my, wife (peace)
Step to the last - would I, could I, should I?
Really understand with, seein with my good eye
The hood I, came up in showed no mercy
Unforgiven of the many plagues that cursed me (uh!)
The worst we went through would make a, grown man fumble
Learnin to walk, and it HURTS when you stumble
Figure out the jumble and you live, if not you DIE
On my knees, hands up to the sky, WHY?

Deeper and deeper
With every move I make I'm fallin
Deeper and deeper
These souls from underground keep callin

It gets dark baby!

What must I go through to show you shit is real
And I ain't really never gave a fuck how niggaz feel
I rob then I steal, not cause I want to cause I have to
And don't make me show you with the Magnum
Don't know by now then you slippin
I'm on some bullshit that's got me jacking, niggaz flippin
I got my man and them stay pretty like I'ma stay shitty
Crimey it's all for the money is you wit me
Hit the bitches, went out I could make the crime
And when it's on we transform like Optimus Prime
I'll form the head, roll out let's make it happen
If we ain't gonna get it wit them we'll take the cap down (what?)
Bust it off, gust it off on the softest niggaz
Money with the biggest mouth, yo let's rob this nigga
A novice nigga never made a sound
Breath too fucking hard like you gettin bust down

Cause it gets
Deeper and deeper
With every move I make I'm fallin
Deeper and deeper
These souls from underground keep callin
