Lil Kim
Miscellaneous
Call Me
feat. TOO SHORT

CHORUS: When you need someone to talk to, someone to fuck you(call me)
Satisfaction guaranteed,(just call me) I'll give you what you need

TOO SHORT: My plane touches down at 11:45, I'm comin' through wantin'
you and 'bout to show you why. I got the game from the pimps and playas
you gone feel me baby when I get there. I'ma give you what you want so I
can get what I need, we can get hell of freaky while we smoke some weed.
We don't need champagne, fuck the gin and juice, these niggas know what
Short Dogg and Lil Kim can do. Imagination is an understatement,
anything you can think of we can make it. Big money, makin'
records,watch us get reckless, we butt-naked, we never sexless. And I
get there you know it's time to fuck, 'cause all night long ain't long
enough to come up it's just us you want to know something; it's a big
dick tight booty thang, to make us both cum.

Chorus

LIL KIM: Everybody know the Queen gettin' down dirty, drive 'em crazy
like the 730 it ain't a secret. Rumors they can keep 'em, you know
there's only one ghetto queen with the guillotine real bitch that carry
gats by the spleen, knowwhatimean. Some bitch is on the other line,
answer that, if it's a booty call cancel that. You want pure
satisfaction I can handle that. All I need is a candle and the porno
channel. Lubricate the top now I'm startin' to sweat, pull my Gucci
sheets back so they won't get wet, now check it. Adjust your phone
volume, Lil Kim is sure to bring the nuts out ya, imagine me suckin'
blood out ya. Like a hickey, I love a phone quickie, flip myself a
Mickey, now that's the proper settle. You can reach out and touch me MCI
style, Kim and Short fuckin' Cali Bed-Stuy style. Tell me what you want
I'll tell you what I need, you can fuck me 'til I bleed, oh Short I'm
'bout to O.G.(and I like it)

CHORUS:

TOO SHORT: You say it's cool to fuck baby just open up
LIL KIM: Well since you showed up what's the hold up?
TOO SHORT: The blunts ain't rolled up, let's mix sex with the weed
smell.
LIL KIM: And ride me nigga like you do them V-12's. I'll be your SLK,
you can drop my top
TOO SHORT: And I'll be all up in that cock from midnight 'til 6:00
o'clock. The way you suck dick you off the heazy
LIL KIM: Get off your kneesay, they say you are what you eat baby
TOO SHORT: This ain't a 69 it's more like a 138 every time we have sex
it's like watchin dirty tapes. You're my personal, private, porno star
you wanna see us fuck buy the tape at the corner store. Queen Bee
gettin' stung by Too Sheezy, I'm smokin' Indo, buzzin with the Beezy. I
teach you all about the niggaz from the O-A-K, we take the money and the
pussy 'cause we sho' don't play(and I like it).

Finish CHORUS until the end of song