


Ay count that money for me partner
Ay Ross make sure that nigga got that shit right, ya hear me?
Ay, let a motherfucker go ding, that’s a 150 thou
Yeah, that shit should add up to about 5.4
I be right back, I’m finna go get dressed
Tell tha nigga to gas up tha jet


I stay on my grind cause that come first
If he get outta line his feelings finna get hurt
All that’s on my mind is get that dough
He try me Imma take you places you don’t wanna go
50 60 stacks of more and I’m in your town
Just to shake some booty home but it finna go down
Hear that click clack roll, better get back fast
Have attention when you see me pledge allegiance to the swag
Pledge allegiance to the swag 


Ay, I do my thang you don’t know
Off the motherfuckin’ chain, play the game how it go
I ain’t in the game still Imma problem on the low
Whip them thangs well just know I know who got it for the low
Triple O.G. so sucker free, I swear
You don’t know me homie you can get the fuck from round here
I don’t care who you will, who you with or who you know
Let’s be clear, I’m a motherfuckin’ G and you a hoe
Keep that Remy XO pulled up, bankrolled, swole up
Smell money in the air soon as I roll up, ayyy
I’m the coolest in the city bitch
While you lame trippin’ on that goofy stupid silly shit
Who you ever seen it really did, super fly filthy rich, any with it killin’ shit
Came in that bitch with my ego and got cash
I demand you to raise your hand and
Pledge Allegiance To The Swag




World got no money call me David Copperfield
A bitch’ll disappear or the bitch will disappear
We control the corners, that’s usual politics
Push a button from the mansion, hit you with a hollow tip
We two different niggas, I’m servin’, he sniffing his
And I love that new Bugatti, how that bitch be shifting gears
Movin’ how I move, I fuck with a selected few
Aviators and Audemars, tha bezel flourescent blue
Down south nigga, had to climb up out the barrel
Outfox these niggas, now we rock out on apparrel
Pledge allegiance to the swag cause this shit is top notch
Jumpin’ in and outta bitches like I’m playin’ hopscotch
Jumpin’ in and outta sixes like I got a car lot
And I got the type of digits that your bitch’ll dial by
Young niggas bow down to the kings
In the presence of a Don, pay respect, kiss my ring




The Enzo off set, neck, wrist frosty
Deal ain’t hundred mil, you ain’t talkin’ bout shit
Nigga wanna beef, he get the whole cal quick
If you talking bout some paper step into my office
On some pimp house shit, written out chicks,
Fuck ‘em from behind, they be spitting out dick black
Excuse me now but if I may make an announcement
I smoke no more but when I did I was blowin’ ounces of gas
Ask the feds what I had when they found me
We down with whatever, just don’t interrupt my countin’
Ballin’ on a daily basis, call my accountant
Only time you make it rain when you throwin’ change in a fountain
Flow sick, crazy, derranged, need counselin’
He say I ain’t all that, she say I’m outstandin’
Them lames all cheesy, square’s outta season
When you see my swag, nigga, pledge your allegiance




Ay my nigga I’m the type of stars and stripes you know what I’m saying,
you come fuck with me on that bullshit you’ll be seeing Stars and Stripes nigga, you understand that nigga, say I’m lying, think its a game if you want to partna
Ay Ross I see you my nigga, I bump that Maybach music nigga when I’m playing music in my Maybach, ya dig
Aye listen, all you other sucker ass nigga homeboys
I don’t see you dogg, you transparent, translucient dog
my nigga get out my way nigga let money get through here dog
you understand
say you niggas aint even on my muthafucking resume dog
aye my nigga if I did take you out the game my nigga it was my mutha-fcking pleasure to move fucking move you out my God Damn way you know what I’m saying
niggas say no more homes
nigga you could have died in the hand of another man, you know what I’m saying
nigga I’m the best thing that ever happen to you, nigga
you know, say homeboy
nigga my worst muthafucking mistake was the best you could ever hope for
you nigga, you understand know what I’m saying, I forgot more shit than you could remember
nigga, I got more muthafucking money in my chain draw than you got in your God damn bank roll nigga
nigga anytime you want to nigga I match my change to your muthafucking dollars see who come up first know what I’m saying
Big bank take little bank nigga wassup nigga?
These niggas thought I was just talkin when I came in this mufucka talkin that Cage shit nigga
Look at me know nigga what you see nigga?
Huh?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Get your pen out take notes nigga
Don’t Hate nigga! Ha!
Fuck that bullshit, Partna.
It’s the mufucka...
Aye man, Jay.. Ay, Jay talkin bout..
Jay say he made the Blueprint my nigga
This the muthafuckin’ Foundation nigga, ok?
Yeah, everything else would be built up off of this shit nigga.
All Red-y yeah, yeah
Say no more nigga everything understood don’t need to be explained
Ross I got you nigga, say no more
It’s all good my nigga
Grand Hustle PSC For Life Bitch Nigga!
West Side!
It’s on one bank here nigga
Count, I told you! Didn’t I muthafuckin’ tell you? yeah!
Aight then, I’ll holla at ya’ll niggas on the motherfucking Flipside nigga!
A hundred million plus, a bus nigga, bitch nigga!
