

Clear.. 
Yeah.. 
Ahaha.. 
Yeah its official 
yeah..yeah yeah.. 
hey Ziggy i told them niggas (oh Yah) 
They wouldnt believe me tho 
I do this shit by the way 


Its 3:45 She pulled up to my house 
Grabbed my strap, Got the door 
with a blunt in my mouth (haha) 
Say im bout to put the smack down 
You know ill put the smack down 
and (??) put the smack down 
She Park in the background 
look at me im standing tall 
she knows how to keep it up 
We just left the club 
so you know we both drunk as f**k 
30 min in.. secound wind 
Call it cardioooooooo 
i go up and down round and round SUPER MARIO! 
Oh wee ohh wee she busting like a uzzy 
Im riding that suzuki 
She Wet as a jacuzzi 
call it in ..Code 10 
Get ready for the water Floowwwww 
Number 16 Terr it up Yeah I told yah so 


What can i say (i aint lying) 
Aint no easy way to say this (yahh..) 
and i dont know if you can handel it (I dont know if you can handle It) 
But im thinking about taking it (taking it there) 
Cuz thats the only way you aint gettin it (and youu..) 
you lay around with them Boy shorts on (Laying around) 
And i've been thinking about it all day long (all day long shawtii) 
And i too don't think i cant handle it (but her..) 
But im think i might end up taking it.. 


Im thinking about it , then by recieving.. 
She can get it right back up , just give her a reason 
Any given season Winter,spring,Summer,Fall.. 
I came to see the show baby gon and make the water fall 
She know im the one to call when she want that good shit 
She know im the one to call when she wants the hood shit 
baby looking all good my demeanors all hood 
Left the chopper in the car yah you know the handle all wood 
I stepped up in the spot (spot) Yah Smelling like a pound 
Yah you know im taking that-..Yee aint got to pull em down 
Yee aint got to take em off im over agressive 
said bout to be an accident Just call Progessive 


What can i say (i aint lying) 
Aint no easy way to say this (yahh..) 
and i dont know if you can handle it (I dont know if you can handle It) 
But im thinking about taking it (taking it there) 
Cuz thats the only way you aint gett it (and youu..) 
you lay around with them Boy shorts on (Laying around) 
And i've been thinking about it all day long (all day long shawtii) 
And i too don't think i cant handle it (but her..) 
But im think i might end up taking it.. 


I dont know if you can handle this..Know if you can handle mehh 
First im gonna start right here where your man shud be 
I dont know if you can handle this..Know if you can handle Young 
If yee aint never had a real Negga, Better get you one 
come thru on some thug shitt (thug shitt) 
Gotta respect shit 
Yahh i come thru on some thug shitt (thug shitt) 
Gotta Accept it 
she know that im never shy most time we Probly high 
Mr. Kidnap the kitty catt Yah gon need an Alliby 


What can i say (i aint lying) 
Aint no easy way to say this (aint no easy way to Tell you this) 
and i dont know if you can handel it (I dont know if you can handel It) 
But im thinking about taking it (taking it there) 
Cuz thats the only way you aint gett it (and youu..) 
you lay around with them Boy shorts on (Laying around) 
And i've been thinking about it all day long (Ohh..) 
And i too don't think i cant handel it (ohh...but her..) 
But im think i might end up taking it.. 
There ..there there there there Take ..Ing..It.. 
There ..there there there there..AHH 


And How you doing Jeezyy..
