Salt N Pepa
Miscellaneous
Tramp (Remix)
Tramp



[That's all right  babe  I'll be your tramp

You know what I'm sayin'?

Phat rings (always)  thick gold chains (whatever)  know what I'm sayin'?

I even got gold on my teeth (So what?)

You a tramp (Please...)]



Homegirls  attention you must pay

So listen close to what I say

Don't take this a simple rhyme

Cuz this type of thing happens all the time

Now what would you do if a stranger said hi?

Would you dis him or would you reply?

If you answer there is a chance

That you'd become a victim of circumstance

Am I right, fellas? Tell the truth

Or else I'm-a have to show and prove

You are what you are, I am what I am

It just so happens that most men are...



Tramp (What'd ya call me?)



[Yeah, I'll be your tramp (Please...)]



Have you ever seen a dude who's stupid and rude?

Whenever he's around he dogs your mood

I know a guy like that, girl

He thinks he's God's gift to the world

You know that kind, excited all the time

With nothing but sex on the mind

I'm no stunt, on me he can't front

I know the real deal, I know what they want

It's me (Why?) Because I'm so sexy

It's me (What?) Don't touch my body! (Boy!)

Cuz you see I ain't no skeezer

But on a real tip I think he's a...



Tramp (What'd ya call me?)



[This is gettin' riduculous

Don't waste my time]



On the first date he thought I was a dummy

He had the nerve to tell me he loved me

But of course, I knew it was a lie, y'all

He undressed me with his eyeballs

Trying to change the whole subject

Cuz everything he said pertained to sex

So I dissed him, I said, "You's a sucker!

Get your dirty mind out the gutter

You ain't gettin' paid, you ain't knockin' boots

You ain't treating me like no prostitute"

Then I walked away, he called me a teaser

You're on a mission, kid - yo, he's a...



Tramp (What'd ya call me?)



[Why you gotta be all that?

Why you gotta be all that?

I'm tryin' to talk to you, and you're tryin' to dis me

You know what I'm sayin'?

Now if I rolled on you, I'd be wrong, right?

(Shut up, tramp)]