Once again my friends and countrymen
Lend us your ears and eyes
The Showstopper is stupid fresh
When will you be satisfied?

Yo, bust it Sandy D.
Yo, what's up?
Have you ever been to jams where people just stand
And they pay to come in, and they don't even dance?
They're so uncouth, they think they're cute
Am I lying?  No, it's the truth

Alright now I'm gonna show you how it's supposed to be
'Cuz we, the Salt-N-Pepa, MCs
Will chance the circumstance rocks your pants
My fans, this is called the jam

Sandy, what? Sandy, what?
Sandy, we'll be breaking hearts, ya know
That's true, it's all about money though
But Douglas and Richie won't like it, so?
Come on then, let's stop the show

Yo, this beat is stupid fresh
Huh, yeah, you know it, cold dissed Doug Fresh
Top choice, of course, the rest is soft
Set it off, do it
Set it off, do it
Set it off, do it
Set it off, do it

Listen now, I ain't down to rap
Are you serious? Just like a heart attack
Come on now, Cher, I don't want to
Get on now, Cher, do I have to?  Yeah!

Well, I really don't have too much to say
Yo, then here's my story anyway
It's just a little somethin' too hot to be missed, girl
I was going downtown, what's there? Serious

Cher took the train home from work
Pissed off because of a stain on my shirt
The train made a stop, where? Two hundred and five
And a little soft guy walked inside

He wore plastic Bally's and a booty Gucci suit
Cracked a little smile and showed a fake gold tooth
Was he cute?  Negative, he was a dupe
Instead of Polo he wore Blues
He said, la-di-da-di, what?
He was bucked up, la-di-da-di, uh-huh, word to mother

The boy was rude, I didn't approve
He tried to make a move I said, "Stop it, dude"
I started to cuss and began to swear
He said, "Listen girl, I like the way you comb your hair"

"And I like the stylish clothes you wear
Is there something that I can do
To show how much I really care?
Like when I'm all alone with you"

"My heart just skips a beat or two
And you put that fire inside of me
That shows it's more than just a dream
And I like it, and I like it"
I said, "Please, don't get excited"

Don't you know I'm too young for you, Mister?
Sally from the Valley, she's my sister
And that lady you dissed, that was my mother
You hurt two of my family, you won't get another

He tried to deny it, said it was a lie
He wanted to explain, explain to me why
I said, "Don't bother, there's really no need
Sally died when she hit the concrete"

He said, "Come on, you're puttin' me on"
As I got up to walk he sang this song
"Oh, baby please don't go, what must I do to show
The way I feel for you, girl is going to be real?
But in reality, I know we'll never be
'Cuz you're still walking away from me, girl"

A dis, a dis