Da Brat
Funkdafied
Da Shit You Can't Fuc Wit'
(Intro)
I promise the funk, the whole funk, and nothin' but the funk,
Yo-ho! ...Word.


Chorus:
I be the B-R-A-T, the new lady, with that shit ya can't fuck wit,
I be the B-R-A-T, the new lady, with the shit ya can't fuck wit!


Verse One: Da Brat & Jermaine Dupri
Uhh, full sittin' on fat, Brat-tat-tat-tat, bitch and its like that,
Well let me lift you to the sky, and just climb aboard the B-R-A-T ride,
Those with no love, I stay above ya like God,
Quick to pull your trigger, nigga quick to pull your card,
And it don't stop and it don't quit, in 94 I be the show-shot-shit,
And in years to come shit ain't gonna change,
So So Def you know the name of the game,
And those that say they don't, nigga bitch please,
Cause we be known for makin' 'em G's,
Setting on swoll, right,
Steady going gold, right,
Whatever we release, whatever we unfold,
So now you know in '94, who's the shit,
And who got the shit that ya just can't fuck wit.

Chorus: Da Brat
I be the B-R-A-T, the new lady, with that shit ya can't fuck wit,
I be the B-R-A-T, the new lady, with the shit ya can't fuck wit!
Verse Two: Da Brat & Jermaine Dupri
Well, yo, I ain't no joke, never had, never will be,
Down your whole block you can feel me,
All I do is keep fucking it up, the doper my shit the bigger my come up,
Now tell me have you ever heard a female vocalist,
Swift like this, that kicks shit like this?
I don't think so, I don't think you know no ho that can flow like I flow,
And plus if you like it rough and rugged,
Then you love it, play it, say it day to day and you never ever get enough of it,
Ain't I ridiculous? It's the bad mama jama, like Hammer you can't touch this,
Don't fuck with my shit nor my click,
Don't even trip, cause you're bound to get split, bitch,
Ain't no thang, ain't no thang,
For me to put it down and make your muthafucka swang.

Outro: Da Brat
Dee dee dee daa, dee dee dee daa dee day,
All you sucka MC's won't you please come out and play,
Dee dee dee daa, dee dee dee daa dee day,
All you sucka MC's won't you please come out and play.

Chorus: Da Brat
I be the B-R-A-T, the new lady, with that shit ya can't fuck wit,
I be the B-R-A-T, the new lady, with the shit ya can't fuck wit!