

At the count of three
I want ya'll to tell me the name of my new DJ
1, 2, 3,.. 4, 5


The wild Gremlins
Ya'll know the F. right?


When the winner lose... and the loosers win
Nobody scores just a few good men
But everybody sins
A lot of young die
Fall in the trap, strung high
Try to go illegal, but the hood calling you back
Flipping the crack, cause I miss it for example
Watching base-heads wildin on my first sample
I elevated up, since my snakes in my circumference
Now I hit my niggas with cakes and say, "Pump This"
Thank god for cracks, corners, and marijuana
Hoodrats and good gats to carry on ya
I got dead friends, misled friends, crackhead friends
Wild Gremlins, who "bust led" friends
Silent weapons for quiet wars
Allow gats,
Tussle too long, some shiny moves the crowd back
It's powerful, niggas would die over respect
And money is secondary to that whole aspect


I Love it, when I'm... High
I'm at my Best, when I'm... Hiiigh
I like my sex, when I'm... Hii-iiigh
Cash, Tecs... Flash Tecs, when I ride through ya projects
And clap at sets, a nigga... High
North, South, East, West, riders get... Hiiigh
I take ya'll niggas on a lyrical... Hii-iiigh
I twist it up, Listen up to the real shit, feel this, REALNESS!


Niggas rushing to the top, not knowing what it takes to be...
King Of The Industry, the wise move patiently
Ya niggas is hating me, won't be happy till I'm back witcha...
Selling crack witcha, half & half on a pack witcha
My pen and pad, paint a black picture...
Of young ghouls passing liquor, after-hour store mass and figures
Street corner combos, stagger and Wan knows...
Tahoes coming through, blasting songs I know
Niggas schieme, girls pregnant by sixteen
Clique out to get rich...
Empty clips for cream
Same funeral home, for different stiff bodies
Once I'm up a new family goes there, it don't surprise me
Cry to the tears, dried up inside me
Revenge to the end, laws in NYC
Got up by the way I used to be...
Apartment 5D... where dope fiends in the hall try your knob when you sleep
Surveilance Cameras in my house now, watching you creep
Spot you from deep, guns for all possible beef
Niggas try to rock you asleep
Kidnap your whole fam for a week
Asking for ransom, niggas straving, dieing to eat


I Love it, when I'm... High
I'm at my Best, when I'm... Hiiigh
Yo... I like my sex, when I'm... Hii-iiigh
Cash, Tecs... Flash Tecs, when I ride through ya projects
And clap at sets, a nigga... High
North, South, East, West, riders get... Hiiigh
I take ya'll niggas on a lyrical... Hii-iiigh
I twist it up, Listen up to the real shit, feel this, REALNESS!
