

I'm tryina vibe up, live the life and get high as fuck
I keep me a stable of stallion, them broke dudes can't buy none
Nah, they ain't worth your time, you need somebody that's certified
Come over here where the grass is greener, and leave his ass where you last seen him
Just name that place I take it up, grind 1 12 ever ate enough
Go ahead thank God cause he raised a player
And tell your man I got game for sale
I'm that nigga, dion wrecking ball,
Cause I come through and knock down all walls
And I wish we could just lay up all day
But once we get away, your man gonn hate, ah.

Can we get a room?
We make do, our fantasies, we make true
They can't tell us what we can't do, nah
Can we make sweet love?
Can we just friends, I'm cool with a lil quick shit
But baby girl I'm tryina get missin yeah
Get a room, get a room, make love
Cause I fuck with you, I fuck with you
Girl, I fuck with you.

I need a nigga that's on something
Not a petty ass nigga that frown when I want something
Red bottoms with the spikes
Head on the first night, don't be scared to bite
I mean all about your money homie
Cause if you ain't got swag, I'm a probably act funny
Homie I can't stand no lame
9 times out of 10, your bedy can't hang
I like a nigga with stamina, that make me feel like an amateur
We do the doggy when we do it, no camera
And I ain't never been the one to take advantage of.
Nah, and when I'm with him, my phone on silent
I can't talk right now, we sliding
We just do what we do,
And you don't run your mouth, that's why I fucks with you

Can we get a room?
We make do, our fantasies, we make true
They can't tell us what we can't do, nah
Can we make sweet love?
Cause we just friends, I'm cool with a lil quick shit
But baby girl I'm tryina get missin yeah
Get a room, get a room, make love
Cause I fuck with you, I fuck with you
Boy I fuck with you
Can we? Can we?

Cause I fuck with you
Can we make sweet love?
Cause I fucks with you, I fucks with you
Boy I fucks with you
Can we, get a room, get a room?
Can we? Can we? Get a room
Can we? Oh, oh
Can we get a room?
Can we? Can we make sweet love?
Can we get a room, get a room, get a room?
