


Foreign cars
Three for Alize niggaz deceased or behind bars
I rap divine Gods check the prognosis, is it real or showbiz?
My window faces shootouts, drug overdoses
Live amongst no roses, only the drama, for real
A nickel-plate is my fate, my medicine is the ganja
Here's my basis, razor embraces, many faces
Your telephone blowin, black stitches or fat shoelaces
Peoples are petrol, dramatic automatic fo'-fo' I let blow
Back down po-po when I'm vexed so
My pen taps the paper then my brain's blank
I see dark streets, hustlin brothers who keep the same rank


It Goes On to the Break Of Dawn, Listening to Words, Knowledge, Word Is Bond
It Goes On to the Break Of Dawn, Listen to the Words, and the Knowledge


I keep a gem-star razor under my tongue... and near my gums
When I'm not strapped... blow just before you cock your glocc back
Touch your temple, leave you leaking, while I'm speaking
The shit that I be freaking, gives me papers, while I'm sleeping... G
Walk around mega hard, like wateva God...
You could'ntcount how many niggas my bretta scarred
I light the marijuana smoke, and chicks
And posers that I'm smoking with
Could'nttake it, my ganja left emotionless
I leave your brain stuck
Giving hoes a plain fuck
They call me Nasty, but I'm not with the strange stuff
When I'm drunk, I stagger right and lyrics with a dagger
Next stabber catchin reck, badder than a tec would had of...
Lefted struck, now whose next up...
I murder, send me to San Quentin and I'm lynching niggas... Word Up
A sing-sing, fuck is a hang, still is the same thing...
No... matter the cell blockNas will be named King
Slaughter... drinking head rock...
Forget water, peace to my niggas with my shit in ya tape recorder


It Goes On, Word Is Bond... Word Is Bond... Lettin Nas Nas be Born... With Westwood
Yea


Pardon the Curses, but just in the verses, when I...
Was a kid, I used to blow up the churches
But now, I got older, snatching purses
Walking around, I'm a nervous reck
What the heck?
Don't disrespect...
Cause if you do... you might get hit with the tec
Off the top of my head
Yes, I'm a blunthead
The F.I... F.B.I. want me dead
But yea... I might stutter
When I'm still crazy butter
Doing whatever you want
I'm from the gutter...
Queensbridge, where I live... New York City
Where it comes by, and the girls look pretty
Like my man Malakai said...
It goes on, Word Is Bond... till the end, my friend I wanna drive me a Benz...
I swear... and my motherfucking real name is Nasir... Yea
It Goes On, Like Dat, It Don't Stop
I keep it real rocking that New York Hip Hop
Straight outta Queens, by all means
I chill with sess fiends, in Guess Jeans
Yes, Yes, It's On
