


man meet me at the mirror man
hurry up
come holla at meet
NOW!!


man dis shit is fucked up man


oh bout time


ladies and gentlemen I apologize for the confusion


what the f.... fuck them man you better holla at me


see if you called back trap music you had a problem once before


meet me at the mirror man, come to the mirror


I thought we had dis shit under control though u know what I'm saying


nah home boy man I told you all I was gonna let you do this shit for a minute


nah man hold up man I'm talking can u see?


man you can't shut me up man I got it from here on out


man it's obvious that we can......


we doing this shit my way now


man this dude is impossible
man why can't you just talk about what the fucks wrong wit you
man why can't you just say whats on your mind man
quit all that acting out


man talking don't do mother fucking good man
man dis shit got way outta hand now


man I understand all that grub man but look though man
all you gotta do is ride out


ride out my ass that what got my mother fucking partner killed man


man you think I meant for that shit to mother f**kin happen?
dog you think I would hold the keys like that?


it don't matter what the fuck you meant to happen


I mean all in all bra I told you do it my way and that wouldn't had happen


man doing it your way is what got us here right now


so what you saying


what the fuck, you heard me say nigga
you all out here man you all on T.V, flossing wit your Hollywood
mother fucking outfits and. bra I ain't wit dis shit home boy


well fuck it den cause you know every mother fucking thing


nah I don't know everything but I know bullshit when I see it


man


you all be trying to put me on front of every mother fucking
camera lights


the fuck you mean man? what you talking bout?


ay look you need me partner man


you need me


Man there wouldn't be none of that King of the South shit if it weren't for me


man TIP your ass get locked up everytime if I let you get a chance


if you let me? you see what the fuck I'm saying man?
how the fuck you let me gonna do something?
ay look man I'm sick of you and these other whole ass rappers out here.
you all can kiss my ass. you can tell em I said that. fake ass niggas.


man I'm done talking to you.  go back to your song
fuck it
