


Sumtimes you never know how hard it is to say some shit until you the one saying it.
I wish I had da strength to say this to you face to face, but I don't, but I know you'll be listening.


Now what's da talk with tha press about you and me
Faithfully, that's what you proclaimed to be
You took me out fly trips kept chicks jealous
That's when I really did feel the baddest
But you gone now another bitch is getting time
The same time I used to have that I thought was mine
You'll never find another chick like this:
Pretty Face, Fat Ass, NOPE NOT DIZ!
I cooked ya favorite meals hot breakfast in the morning
Who let you beat it up and say my name from dusk til dawn
Wat you needed never nuthin cause I was right dere
You see me calling you don't answer and you say you care
So you proposed to me... was all of that just a lie? {Good Lie}
To get me sprung off your love and get me real high
Can't you see what you doing my mind steady losing
I'm living in confusion when your love is what I'm losing


Can't you see what you doing to me?
Can't you see what you doing to me?
Now Can't you see what you doing to me?
Can't you see what you doing to me?
Now You don't see what you doing to me?
Can't you see you are ruining me?


The way I felt for you I never felt about another
It wasn't bout the money just wanted you to be my lover
For you to hold me carress and console me
When we have problems baby just hold me
No need to fuss we gon work everything out
You playing games tell me what's dis all about?
Love was the focus so I paid attention
I fell so deep in love with you, not to mention
You stopped doing all the things that you used to do
While all remained the same and what I mean by dat is true
To da game, I woulda never left you
Dang all the shit that we been through
Lonely nights all the people I had to talk to
I'll do anything to keep my mind frame off you
You see how fast you change yo mind now I lost you
You say you'll never lie to me damn I've caught you


Can't you see what you doing to me?
Can't you see what you doing to me?
Now Can't you see what you doing to me?
Can't you see what you doing to me?
Now You don't see what you doing to me?
Can't you see you are ruining me?


Remember dreams of a marriage horse and baby carriage
Clouds real bright no rain in sight {nigga}
White doves flying people feeling good
Happy for the both of us happy we together
Even though so many hating us
Go through stormy weather that's the promise through the dirty dust
Love... trust... all the things that we really looking for ain't really nothing
Sumthing just like a metaphor
I give you more... is that what you looking for?
I gave you all of me you gave me an engagement ring
I looked at you and said "baby I would give up everything." {I would give up everything}
But when I packed my bags you ain't even look at me
Tears rolling, eyes swollen, you ain't even look at me {you ain't even look at me}
Damn! Now baby dis ain't how it's sposed to be
Can't you see you broke yo promise and you took what's left of me
{Damn!} I know I messed up but I confessed up
You was the best but you decided to (just let up)
