Big Daddy Kane
It's A Big Daddy Thing
Calling Mr. Welfare
[red]	yo, whassup big daddy?
[kane]	aiyyo whassup red alert?  i'm chillin duke
[red] yo do me a favor man -- pleeeeeease tell me
About these big ol bubblehead girls out here

[big daddy kane]
Well hey, you know that lady on the top floor of my buildin?
The heavyset one with about ten children?
You may remember her as a slim honey
When her man name was pimp daddy hustler stack money
A big time drug dealer from around the way
Slingin rocks, makin g's everyday
He drove a big fat mercedes benz
And even bought her a car to perpetrate for her friends
It was a brand new jag, with the spoiler and rag
And the girl was a nag, cause all she did was just brag
I mean baaaaaaaaaaad -- we know your coat cost a lot
You didn't have to leave on the price tag
And count the times her stomach got plump
Havin baby after baby by the same old chump
And then the day came, he left the dame shamed
But who's to blame?  y'all know the name of the game
Pimp daddy's wanted as he maxes and relaxes
She can't even sue for money, pushers don't pay taxes
So what's to do?  oh yeah
To feed ten mouths, she had to call on mr. welfare

[red]	what?  mr. welfare?
Man they playin high-post with low income
Check this out -- when y'all go around to the corner
Y'all gonna check out another episode
Go like somethin like this..

[big daddy kane]
Hey, if you think that suck, bust this
Another little story as i reminisce
About an old friend of mine that was livin out of order
Makin money like water (illlllll-egal?)  yeah, sorta
He sold drugs and robbed a lot of people
But in these days and times, who lives illegal?
It's all about who knows the trade
And who am i to knock him?  homeboy was gettin paid
He chose his own lifestyle to live - it was negative
But his own prerogative
Makin cash to flash and stash in half the trash
The cops made the dash (sufferin succotash!)
Because he had to do ten in the pen
And then begin again to apprehend, huh
But what's lost is lost, the reign is over
(huhhh, see ya!)	nice to know ya
Money, no longer can he collect it
Can't even get a job cause he got a jail record
So what's left?  no hopes of a career
So yeahhh, he's callin mr. welfare!

[red]	mr. big daddy kane
They don't know what time it is about mr. welfare
Do me a favor -- open up your book to page fifteen
At the top and read it off like thisssssssss

[big daddy kane]
Here's a story of a guy who had to cop out his life
For bein a high school dropout
In the ninth grade he wanted to get paid
But now the young brother needs government aid
Because in his past he decided to cut class
And run in the streets to make ends meet
No shame in the game of his
But silly rabbit, trix are for kids!
So when you sat on the corner with a 40 ounce
Talkin bout whattup?  can't even pronounce
Your words correct, now in retrospect
That's a shame - but in '89, who gives a heck?
There's no type of path to follow
It's all about a dollar, fuck bein a scholar
That's why your report card's through
Like a bizmark beat, it reads eww-eww-eww-eww-eww!
So now you wanna wake up and smell the coffee?
Lookin for a helpin hand, but get off me!
I tried to tell you the deal last summer
Stay in school, and get yourself a diploma
Now you're on your own, tryin to make it alone
No food or home, chewin on a meaty bone
So what's to do since the cupboard is bare?
Brrring brrring!  call on mr. welfare

[red]	yo kane, that's the story about my man mr. welfare huh?
[kane]	yo like chuck d said, how low can you go
[red]	if she go any lower, she gonna have a personal problem
Yo my man mister cee, cut it up money!

* mister cee cuts "welll-fare" *

[kool dj red alert]
We-eh-el-el-el, el-el-elllllllfare, c'mon!
Yeah mr. welfare
He on some new stuff, what what is it?
He all new and improved?
Right?  yeah, like that old bug-out stuff
This guy, is he alright or what?
I think he on a mission with no kind of learnin
You know what big daddy kane?
We gonna have to take care of this matter
Mister cee, go ahead, cut it up
My man big daddy kane gonna see about my man mr. welfare alright?
Places to go, people to see, things to do,
And you know what else to get.. see ya!
Yeahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhsss!