aiyyyyyyyyyyyyyyo!
"for all of y'all."
check it out, check
Aiyyo, we gonna send out to all the projects out there
"for all of y'all."
yknahmsayin? like roosevelt projects, marcy projects
We gon' send it to fort greene, l.g.
"for all of y'all."
better yet, all the projects in brook', no
All the projects on the east coast
"for all of y'all."
now when we come to church street south
Yknahmsayin? canal street there in durham, north carolina
"for all of y'all."
streets of crooklyn, and all the great streets
Everyone everywhere! sounds like everywhere around the universe
"for all of y'all."
yknahmsayin? all the projects, yknahmsayin?
We sendin this out to everybody, this one here
"for all of y'all."
now do you understand me?
We gonna set it off one time, dig the flavor y'all
"for all of y'all."
ha hah hah!

Livin in the world of ghetto life
Shot with the gun, get you cut with the knife
That's the story yo, the way the peeps like to move
No fakin the funk, it's all about how to show and prove
Some get to make it through life livin legal
The others gotta try to survive, doin the evil
That men do, peace to every hood that I been through
I even got love for my homies in south central
But to the east my brother, cause that's where I stay at
Runnin through the streets like a stray cat
Like that good times show it makes me go
Hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm, hmmmmmmmmmm, hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
Up in the projects, it gets no iller
With true gue-rillas, and stone cold killers
It seems that every night, you get to hear the fireworks
As much as I hate, to see my people die or hurt
It's just a street mentality, a reality
Neighborhood warfare, that brings home casualties
And just because I moved out the residence
It don't mean that I can't represent

kane + "yeah! yeah!" -> chanted in back throughout

So to my peeps in the pj's, throw your hands in the air
"for all of y'all."
Let me know you're out there
To my peeps in the pj's, throw your hands in the air
"for all of y'all."
Let me know you're out there
And to my peeps in the pj's, throw your hands in the air
"for all of y'all."
And let me know you're out there
Ah to my peeps in the pj's, throw your hands in the air
"for all of y'all."
And let me know you're out there

I'm runnin mob deep around the way
It's me and the crew, we're tryin to map out the day
Yo what's the haps on how we gettin snaps?
Are we gonna shoot some cee-lo, or play a game of craps?
Matter fact, shane, ring the intercom
And see if you can get ten dollars from my moms
Tell her to throw it out the window if she got it to spare
Cause the elevator's broke, and I ain't checkin for the stairs
And do me a solid, run to the store shorty
And pick me up some olde e, but not a 40
Just a two-two of brew will do, so I can knock it out fast
To make the coldness last

And while you at man see where'd your friend go (word)
He shoulda been back a hour ago with the indo (yeah)

And meet us in the back park to get sparked
So I can be toasted by time it gets dark
Aiyyo jay, I see that bulge in the back of your jeans
Hope that's the God u now, know what I mean?
Cause if somebody brings the noise, i'ma make it a silent movie
So take the safety off the toolie
Cause I don't want no beef, nahhhhh baby
The only thing I wanna do is parrrrrrlay
Peace and harmony is what I relate to
But damn man, drama's just in the nature

I send this out to the homies in the hood
That stood by my side, to help a brother do good
Just like swv you was right here
Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah we in there
From all thugs that flex with all the muscle
Down to the brothers, that got a swift hustle
Like good golly miss three card molly, a neat trick
Where people get beat quick
Wanna see a sweet vic?

Jackety jack, blackety black
You get nuttin back, and that's a fact
The sweetest game I ever seen
All you gotta do is find the red queen
Just point to it, can anybody point to it?
I play by the point of the finger of the hand
"the one in the middle! the one in the middle!"
That's black, you get no money back!

(kane: aww man! see, I told you!)