

See, all my life I've been friends with thugs
I never did judge cause my momma sold drugs
By the age of 5 I could hold a beer buzz
All I wanna do is show love to my boys!
In the '88 Crown Vic, rollin deep
Workin so hard cause you can't, go to sleep
Got the same clothes that you rock, for three days
Hittin traps like a prophet, for Pete's sake
To the single mothers in the kitchen, still cookin
No job open but she's out, still lookin
If you don't, who the fuck will? Not daddy
Cause that motherfucker's not here, so stop askin
for the pennies and the hand-me-outs
You gotta look at life and get it without any doubt
Only a coward has to rob and pull a semi out
Just to open the garage and pull a Hemi out
Think big


(GET UP!) I crack the top and pour the fifth out
I wanna ride around the whole wide world
Just me and my girl
Just me and my bitch (GET UP!)
I got a cup full of that honey brown
I wanna drink it with the whole wide world
Just me and my girl
Just me and my bitch (GET UP!)

All my life I've been friends with thugs
I never did judge cause my momma sold drugs
By the age of 5 I could hold a beer buzz
All I wanna do is show love to my boys!
Rockin Mossy Oak, big trucks, lift kits
Wakin up before the sun rise, gettin it
You got them babies that you gotta feed, for Christ's sake
Put them eighteen wheels on the, highway
I'ma do it for the country bucks, fuckin right
Got a problem with somebody then, fuckin fight
Don't be a pussy homie, win some, lose some
Just make sure you make it to the house when it's done
Respect out-lives any hollow-tip
Pride'll get you killed, better learn how to swallow it
To the rappers on the planet out dreamin
Learn how to write a record, homie stop schemin
Nobody cares about your pockets when no mic's on
You're blind to yourself, the mic gon' be yo' pipe bomb
Fake shit is like snail to the salts
And the nail to a coffin, somebody turn the lights on



(GET UP!) Uhh, hahaha, yeah, uhh
(GET UP!) Yeah (GET UP!)
Yeah hoe, yeah hoe, yeah hoe, yeah hoe
Uhh (GET UP!)
