


And I'm in denial
And it don't take no x-ray to see right through my smile
I know, I be on the go
And there ain't no drink out there that can numb my soul
Oh no


All we wanna do is take the chains off
All we wanna do is break the chains off
All we wanna do is be free
All we wanna do is be free


Is it too much to ask?
Is it that hard to see?
I'm here pleadin'. This is what God gave me!
But your black heart bleeding bullets into the seeds of your own father
Why bother pour these tears in your bottle?
Just to quench your thirst?
So you could drag my little son in a hearse?
And bring darkness to Earth?
Cause we don't look like you, it means we're victims by birth
I'll just bottle up my hurt..
I'll just bottle up my hurt. Curse you but curse the system first!
Designed as a cage for my kind and the kind that is not your kind
You playing kind like we blind and we don't see through it
You came through with your sirens and your pledge to leave our bodies contoured with a chalk
Is it ever gonna stop? We just wanna live
But too bad we're equal - the killers and the kids
Now what? You ran out of handcuffs?
Is that how you conclude that he's 'armed' - cause his hands' up?!


Can you tell me why
Every time I step outside I see my niggas die
I'm lettin' you know
That there ain't no gun they make that can kill my soul
Oh no




So now it was like the officer is pulling him inside the car and he's trying to pull away. At no time the officer said that he was going to do anything until he pulled out his weapon. His weapon was drawn and he said, "I'll shoot you" or, "I'm going to shoot" and in the same moment, the first shot went off. We looked down and he was shot and there was blood coming from him. Then we took off running

Are we all alone, fighting on our own
Please give me a chance, I don't wanna dance
Somethings got me down, I will stand my ground
Don't just stand around, don't just stand around


As we took off running I ducked and hid for my life, because I was fearing for my life. I hid behind the first car I saw. My friend, he kept running, and he told me to keep running because he feared for me too. So as he was running the officer was trying to get out of the car, and once he got out the car he pursued my friend but his weapon was drawn. Now he didn't see any weapon drawn at him or anything like that, us going for no weapon. His weapon was already drawn when he got out the car. He shot again, and once my friend felt that shot, he turned around and put his hands in the air, and started to get down, but the officer still approached with his weapon drawn and he fired 7 more shots and my friend died


