


Whoever woulda thought that another motherfucker from the land woulda came up and made them stacks,
Never was warm in my city so I had to get on the record and come blaze these tracks,
And I'm all around haters everyday but I guess that's just what fame attracts,
Well, fuck that, where the bucks at man I need the green in my box like apple jacks,
Matter fact see me in a ride so foreign you can't understand,
6 speed hittin' 60, 0 to 3 so come catch me if you can
Speak in ebonics, give a fuck what Mr. Webster says,
Let a smart girl read my dictionary I call that Ms. Webster head
Man I gotta get it, when I'm gonna get it, how I gotta get it man whatever I'm a do I'll get that,
Every moment I want it 'cause everyday I be grindin' so when you wanna make a move I'm with that
I am a, chip off the block,
Monster in the booth, takin' off the lock,
And put the shit back on when I'm on the top,
So I got the game cuffed up like the cops,
And I don't fuck with them,
But the East side yeah I got love for them,
Anybody wanna hate on me then get on my level but you will never ever so I got scrubs for them,
Yeah I'm from the city where all of the good die young and the old don't make it,
So we just hangin' in the middle ground ready for whatever boy don't mistake it,
Bitch I'm from Cleveland bet they know what we claim,
'Cause we wildin' motherfuckers E.S.T. is the gang, bitch!


Whoever, woulda guessed that a little white boy out the Midwest woulda did fuckin' numbers!
Everybody used to talk down now the whole world wanna be-fucking-come us!
We the new team, E.S.T,
Line full of hoes out to the VIP,
Everybody know I'm Number 23
When I'm on the court ballin' MVP, bitch!
Lemme take a little sip of the Vitamin Water and little hit of the kushi and I'm good,
Chilling up' in the clouds, you wanna fuck my day up, man I wish you would,
Bitch I'm the man, no longer the kid,
Must be the reason why all these grown folks on my dick,
Get off my ballsack, y'all makin' my draws sag,
Call Saks walk up in that bitch like gimme all that,
I never had nothin' so what else you think a little kid with a dream gon' do?
Ball without a budget like fuck it the middle finger crew,
Real people love me, the jealous tryna degrade my name,
Y'all must've lost ya fucking melons, boy I am the game.


They shoulda never let me into the buildin' with a stereo of a pen and a pad I do damage,
Can't nobody ever do it like I do since a youngin' I've been going hard I'm the baddest,
Everybody from around the way that I knew in the past call me my city's savior,
But the people in the class wanna put me in the hall 'cause of my bad behavior.
