


Time flies, time flies. As we keep living and as we keep being positive, all we can do is hold onto these memories.
Mac Miller, I love you

All of my homies used to get on my case like "when you gonna kill 'em?"
Soon as I'm out of millions and my girl sprouts some children
But I've been murderin' the game, almost out of victims
This food for thought usually enough to feed a thousand pigeons
I'm out here livin' if you wonder where I been though
Shit bro, would you give it all up for these Nymphos?
I been broke then got rich, what's inside your wallet?
Half man and half amazin', but that's just me bein' modest
I'm an honest man, my mama told me never put it on the lotto and
I work for everything I get that is my motto, fam
So when I die, these bitches can still can fuck my hologram, god... damn...

And all that drama that you comin' with, you blowin' my high
On my way up to the function, gettin' dome in my ride
I got 'em worried that my mind fried
I'm goin' up before I skydive

You can see the way that time flies
Time files, try to catch it
Time flies, time flies
Try to catch it


Watch as time go, time moves, time flows. How do we handle these things?
I am time, we are time and we have control. One thing we need to remember is that we are all in this together

You can expect the unexpected
These dreams are manifested from my head into reality, they seems a bit excessive, but...
I don't stress it, two hands to count my blessings
All the times that I've been reckless, with an ego big as Texas, thinkin' "I'm the man"
I never let these hoes into the plan
My room for bullshit in the clear as small as a child's hands
I fill the shoes and walk a path where only giants stand
I am the fire man, shit I'm way too fly to land, yeah
I'm smokin' weed all alone, on the road
Even thought I know they need my at home
Keep my control from a city where it's freezin' and cold
East to that own, punches like this probably beat up Stallone

And all that drama that you comin' with, you blowin' my high
On my way up to the function, gettin' dome in my ride
I got 'em worried that my mind fried
I'm goin' up before I skydive

You can see the way that time flies
Time files, try to catch it
Time flies, time flies
Try to catch it


One day we will, we will find, we will concur, concur with love, while time is one our side.
Continue to hold to those beautiful memories. They won't be here forever, but our spirit lives on, Lil B
