



I had a dream I ran Atlanta
and I was on every radio station, and 107.9 was 97.5 again
And they played me at Golden Glide on Friday
And they played me real loud on the street
we drive up Memorial Drive, up Wesley Chapel
I'd reopen 112, and Jazzy T's. I'd bring back Turner Field
I'd fire at all the cops in Cobb county
Chick-Fil-A will be open on Sundays. I bring back LaFace Records, Freaknik
Kilo Ali, Lou. I got J.R. Crickets some Spelman girls with big booties
I reopen SciTrek, strippers will get Mother's day off
and I'd have my own Gangsta Grillz mixtape



"Hey this is Steve Smith from "American Dad", and this is Royalty"
"Stone Mountain!"


Hehehe, this what y'all been waitin' for?
Hehehe, in Gambino we trust {"GANGSTA!!"}
Royalty is forever; DJ Drama, is forever {"GANGSTA GRIZILLS!!"}
Y'all ready? Gambino, get 'em!

Yeah.. yeah, got 'em!
I ain't no snitch, cops I don't trust 'em
I ain't no bitch, all I do is run 'em
I ain't no snitch, cops I don't trust 'em {"Dramatic"}
I ain't no bitch, all I do is run 'em
Nigga I was stunin', keep that shit a hunnid
If it ain't about the money then it's not up for discussion
If it ain't about-


DJ Drama!
After sellin' out the Georgia Dome 3 nights in a row
After selling 10 million copies of his newest album, Roscoe's Wetsuit, in one week
After successfully petitioning to recarve his own face into Stone Mountain
Stone Mountain~! He's still givin' you niggas a free mixtape?!
Why Gambino? Why young guy? Why so generous? {"GANGSTA!!"}

Yeah.. yeah
I, I ain't no snitch, cops I don't trust 'em
I ain't no bitch, all I do is run 'em
Nigga I was stunin', keep that shit a hunnid
If it ain't about the money then it's not up for discussion
If it ain't about progress, ain't about success
Why this nigga suspect? You ain't seen sus yet
I'ma fuck the game so hard like Tiffany
Niggas takin' shots, I'm like "Nigga don't tempt me"
I seen what you make, yeah them shows sold out
But you doing clubs and I'm doin' like all out, things
Why the hell he rappin' if he all out, sings?
Royalty the movement, we all out, kings
For real, 'Bino on a mission
We are not friends, nigga this is business
Girl this my dream, ain't no split decisions
Watch me cut this bitch off, I'ma need some scissors
Mama in the kitchen, hot sauce on them chitlins
I was always spittin', just that no one else was listenin'
Got your girl and now we kissin', she attracted to my vision
Now she see what she was missin', now she act a little different
Tellin' you she need some distance; yeah come on over, we can talk about it
Now this nigga mad, yeah he thought about it
But he don't really want it, semen on her stomach
That's a second comin'/cumin' - Jesus!
Flow so genius, can't low-key this
Puffin' on a swisha like a hoe smoke penis
They want me Uncle Remus but I'm just flexin' on 'em
Heheheheh 



This on some old Atlanta shit
But I like it cause.. it's not about, what you know, but who you know
Know what I'm sayin' {"Beatmonster!"}

Royalty my partner dem, no one else might partner dem
Stay strapped with that arsenal, these niggas winnin', it's hard to tell
Move over, we about to take over
Slide up in them DMs, her nigga didn't even notice, I'm focused
Yeah I'm the man of the hour, play me on Power, play me on Hot
Nigga I'm hot, nigga don't stop, flow so cold put a cherry on top
Haters so mad, he ain't even know why, probably all the autonomy
Fuck all your feelings, I'm proud of me; head was so good it's psychology
Goddamn, I'm just bein' who I am
From this weird ass little kid to this ballin' ass grown man
Man this beat is going so HAM, flow been burr since Novem'
Chain been burr since Novem', that means cold, I'm just sayin', we ain't playin'
If your man don't want to lick it, I'll volunteer as tribute
You niggas on them (Hunger Games), I'm eatin' O's like onion rings
I kill them hoes so constantly, I ain't even gotta sugar coat it
See them titties, wanna motorboat it (brrrr) I'm (Dopaliscious) like SpottieOttie
Y'all don't know me, run the world, turnin' up like that little girl whose like
"Ay, ay, ay - turn up!"
Tell them niggas it's tax season; Atlanta, Georgia, that's black Sweden
I'm such a martyr, die for the game; I'm such a MARTA I'm runnin' trains like whoo!

Yeah, slow that shit, slow that shit
Let me hear it
