


 "Nobody gets out alive till the cops arrive"
 "It's a dirty job but somebody gotta do it"
 "I cause more scare than Godzilla"
 "Made the church people on your block wanna move out"
 "Nobody gets out alive till the cops arrive"
 "It's a dirty job but somebody gotta do it"
 "My style is wild like pitbulls trapped in cages"
 "Made the church people on your block wanna move out"


Every rhyme I write is 25 to Life
Every rhyme you write don't even deserve a mic
Crossing in the national borders with a bomb threat
You mothafuckaz haven't even left ya block yet
You'se a bitch, you'se a hoe, here's a prom dress
You wanna try to box with God, there's no contest
So keep on thinking this shit is sweet
I was caught in a sandstorm; put you under the Middle East
You got it fucked up homie, I've been a beast
Reptilian tongue and my skin is deep
Rumor has it they say I'm thrown off
Until their limbs is everywhere, wigs is blown off


Is that the cast of a death mass?
Is that water in a red glass?
Boi I thought you'll neva ask, since legend has
There's a method to the math, it's directing fast
Disconnecting from the guest is the second class
I have left a trail of debt checks in the mail
Head or tails? Death prevails, never fails
I will never get derailed that tip is stale
I will never get to hell that ship is sail
I'm refined mastermind after cash had climbed
Any gunshot paneling, past the grind
Pass into the sublime, have relaxing time
Have a glass of wine, have your last act of kind


Everything they say is irrelevant
I'm a element of rap that define pure elegance
Elevating my residence, bigging them up
I'm in the hood rocking 'JMT' shit in the truck
Not I against I cause I don't sleep on my stomach
I rock heavy metal kings and watch the barrel of the gun twitch
You talking dumb shit, hooting and hollering
I lift the cannon and wait for the bazooka to swallow 'em
I'm a do this regardless to them I'm the original
Dirty rotting scoundrel surrounding your pinnacle
Block the perimeter, I hit you with the fade away
Got a bullet with ya name on it for a rainy day


So many days, so many nights
So much money got fucked up, so many fights
So many niggas got knuckled down for no reason
So many cowards got guns but don't squeeze 'em
YEEEAH! It's just the way it is
I finally got a whiz that's ready to bless the sun with a hundred kids
So I can fall back, Ralph Lauren straw hat
'Sour Diesel' already showed you I'm all that
I won't stop tryna to ride on you assholes
First week sales donated to Daschel
You think I'm bugging right? C'mon!
But it's the zeros in my bank account
Dat got me saying: "Floss right"


My brain  the sky is
My heart doesn't know what die is
Pyromaniac rap Vinnie starts fires
Only a nigger and thought ignore sirus
And that's why the enemy lost and caught virus
Brrrrt! Where I'm from God Earth's 85ers
Y'all ain't got heat underneath it's all wires
I'm on some same hate shit with bonfires
My whole team animal thug and born liars
You ain't aware of what any the 12 Tribes is
You a devil who tell the enemy where God is


And that's how we get down
Yeah! Jedi Mind foreva
Jus Allah, Vinnie Paz, Kwestion
Yo Stoupe where you at cuzin?
ATOP - Army of the Pharaoh clique
Doap Nix, whadup cuzo?
King Mag, 7L Esoteric, Big Mike, Big Red
Sinatra where you at cuzo?
Kamach, Lost Cauze, Celph Titled, Apathy
King Syze, OS, the whole fam
Who really fucking with us out here man?
This animal rap out here
