[** with I.R.S.:]


Clap, clap, I think they need a round of applause*
Yeah, it’s I.R.S bitches!
You know what it is!
You’re now hustling with the godmother! cocaine cow girl.
Clap, clap, I think they need a round of applause,
Clap, clap, I think they need a round of applause,
Clap, clap, I think they need a round of applause,
Clap, clap, I think they need a round of applause!

Here, I gotta give it to you,
Here’s your round of applauds!
.. baby, the fianl curtain call
The black widow, symbol of corruption!
Don’t know by now, your girl get a costume,
Pay attention homie, follow instructions,
Kim is about to show you how to..
You’re cold hearted, …Brooklyn,
Ain’t no shit hands over here, we get …
I strike harder; I’m ten times smarter,
I sneak up on you like Japan did Pearl Harbor.
I’m a …daughter, don’t stand too close,
You catch a heat rush, skinny blanco,oho,
For me to…
The queen….
I hope you got your poncho.
So mention my name out of your mouth,
And before you take a vow…

[Chorus:]
Clap, clap, I think they need a round of applause,
Clap, clap, I think they need a round of applause,
Clap, clap, I think they need a round of applause,
Clap, clap, I think they need a round of applause!

..like attention, come get some!
I million ways of dying, if you could just pick one!
I’ma ill shot, I’ve got a sick gun,
And it’s contagious, so you’ll catch it even if you run.
Ah, and my niggers feeling…too!
This connected phone line, no…
…I’ll arrest the crew.
We need a full doze, can do the..
And shoot at you actors, like movie shoots.
And I’m a vet, baby! Just the new recruit,
So mention Kim name in your songs, and I’ll be at your show
With a round of applauds.

Clap, clap! Here is Kimy Blaco!
You already know I gotta shoot this,
And our .. is full in case you want some more.
I think I’m here, I’m cool!
O.K dash!
Clap, clap!

I think you deserve… Bravo!
..I’ll be everywhere you’re scared to go.
Just…like…
I’m back in B.K. and I’m…
Let’s have a toast, not for the…
For your old school niggers…
It’s that new shit, on that new track,
Ain’t…the youngest…
Money…
If the queen says its… then you want us in the play.
So mention Kim name in your verses,
And we gonna clap it up, till they close the curtains.

[Chorus:]
Clap, clap, I think they need a round of applause,
Clap, clap, I think they need a round of applause,
Clap, clap, I think they need a round of applause,
Clap, clap, I think they need a round of applause!

O.K.! I.R.S. will eliminate the imitation,
They on death road, execute the perpretation!
Niggers we try our flight, permanent vacations,
This model is eighteen, that’s my stand innovation.
No Jersey show, but we hear the situation,
Send my enemies up, elevation!
I’m a bad boy just like…was,
White...ride through the city cause…
We’ve been stressed niggers, and we’ve let the…to wait.
So mention Kim’s name in your rap
and we’ll be back stage with the…
Clap, clap!